2	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .	anticipation	moviereview
3	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .	joy	moviereview
4	Effective but too-tepid biopic	surprise	moviereview
5	If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .	joy	moviereview
6	Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .	surprise	moviereview
7	The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .	joy	moviereview
8	Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .	joy	moviereview
9	Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .	sadness	moviereview
10	Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .	surprise	moviereview
11	But he somehow pulls it off .	surprise	moviereview
12	Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .	joy	moviereview
13	This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .	joy	moviereview
14	What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .	surprise	moviereview
15	-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .	noemotion	moviereview
16	One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	joy	moviereview
17	Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .	noemotion	moviereview
18	An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .	joy	moviereview
19	Illuminating if overly talky documentary .	noemotion	moviereview
20	A masterpiece four years in the making .	joy	moviereview
21	The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .	joy	moviereview
22	Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .	joy	moviereview
23	A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .	joy	moviereview
24	With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .	joy	moviereview
25	A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .	fear	moviereview
26	Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .	noemotion	moviereview
27	Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .	noemotion	moviereview
28	Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .	joy	moviereview
29	An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .	joy	moviereview
30	At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .	joy	moviereview
31	However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .	sadness	moviereview
32	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .	surprise	moviereview
33	Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .	joy	moviereview
34	A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .	joy	moviereview
35	Light , cute and forgettable .	joy	moviereview
36	If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .	surprise	moviereview
37	While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .	joy	moviereview
38	Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	disgust	moviereview
39	Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days	joy	moviereview
40	Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .	fear	moviereview
41	Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .	joy	moviereview
42	Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .	noemotion	moviereview
43	A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .	noemotion	moviereview
44	Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .	surprise	moviereview
45	The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .	disgust	moviereview
46	Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .	joy	moviereview
47	Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .	joy	moviereview
48	The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .	joy	moviereview
49	Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .	joy	moviereview
50	Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .	joy	moviereview
51	A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .	joy	moviereview
52	Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .	joy	moviereview
53	May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	joy	moviereview
54	An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .	joy	moviereview
55	In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .	surprise	moviereview
56	Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .	joy	moviereview
57	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .	joy	moviereview
58	Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .	joy	moviereview
59	Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .	joy	moviereview
60	Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .	surprise	moviereview
61	Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .	surprise	moviereview
62	Singer/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	joy	moviereview
63	You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .	disgust	moviereview
64	Yet the act is still charming here .	joy	moviereview
65	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	joy	moviereview
66	A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .	joy	moviereview
67	This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .	joy	moviereview
68	Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .	joy	moviereview
69	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	surprise	moviereview
70	The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .	joy	moviereview
71	The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA	joy	moviereview
72	Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .	sadness	moviereview
73	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	joy	moviereview
74	Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .	surprise	moviereview
75	A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .	joy	moviereview
76	A taut , intelligent psychological drama .	joy	moviereview
77	A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .	joy	moviereview
78	This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .	joy	moviereview
79	At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .	joy	moviereview
80	The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .	surprise	moviereview
81	I loved it !	joy	moviereview
82	Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !	joy	moviereview
83	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	joy	moviereview
84	If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .	anticipation	moviereview
85	Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	noemotion	moviereview
86	Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .	disgust	moviereview
87	It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .	joy	moviereview
88	Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .	surprise	moviereview
89	This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .	sadness	moviereview
90	A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .	noemotion	moviereview
91	While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .	joy	moviereview
92	Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .	joy	moviereview
93	In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .	joy	moviereview
94	Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .	joy	moviereview
95	The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .	joy	moviereview
96	A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .	joy	moviereview
97	Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .	joy	moviereview
98	The tenderness of the piece is still intact .	joy	moviereview
99	Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself	surprise	moviereview
100	Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .	joy	moviereview
101	While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .	surprise	moviereview
102	If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .	anticipation	moviereview
103	In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .	noemotion	moviereview
104	But in Imax 3-D , the clich's disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .	joy	moviereview
105	Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	joy	moviereview
106	... a roller-coaster ride of a movie	noemotion	moviereview
107	I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .	joy	moviereview
108	Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .	joy	moviereview
109	Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .	noemotion	moviereview
110	A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	joy	moviereview
111	On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .	noemotion	moviereview
112	The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .	trust	moviereview
113	If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .	joy	moviereview
114	A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .	noemotion	moviereview
115	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .	anticipation	moviereview
116	The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm	joy	moviereview
117	It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .	surprise	moviereview
118	A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .	joy	moviereview
119	Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .	joy	moviereview
120	A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .	joy	moviereview
121	It 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .	noemotion	moviereview
122	Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .	noemotion	moviereview
123	In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .	joy	moviereview
124	This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .	surprise	moviereview
125	Between the drama of Cube ?	noemotion	moviereview
126	s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .	joy	moviereview
127	A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .	sadness	moviereview
128	Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .	trust	moviereview
129	Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .	joy	moviereview
130	Unlike most teen flicks , Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .	surprise	moviereview
131	An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	joy	moviereview
132	`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .	surprise	moviereview
133	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	joy	moviereview
134	You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .	disgust	moviereview
135	Dramas like this make it human .	joy	moviereview
136	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .	disgust	moviereview
137	Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	joy	moviereview
138	It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .	joy	moviereview
139	Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .	joy	moviereview
140	A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .	joy	moviereview
141	It is nature against progress .	noemotion	moviereview
142	In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .	noemotion	moviereview
143	It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .	noemotion	moviereview
144	This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .	joy	moviereview
145	Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .	joy	moviereview
146	-LRB- Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	joy	moviereview
147	It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .	disgust	moviereview
148	But what spectacular sizzle it is !	joy	moviereview
149	... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .	noemotion	moviereview
150	An original gem about an obsession with time .	joy	moviereview
151	It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .	joy	moviereview
152	Gloriously goofy -LRB- and gory -RRB- midnight movie stuff .	joy	moviereview
153	The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .	joy	moviereview
154	If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	noemotion	moviereview
155	It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .	sadness	moviereview
156	It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .	joy	moviereview
157	As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .	joy	moviereview
158	Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .	disgust	moviereview
159	It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .	joy	moviereview
160	It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .	joy	moviereview
161	Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .	joy	moviereview
162	A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	sadness	moviereview
163	Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .	joy	moviereview
164	Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .	joy	moviereview
165	More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .	joy	moviereview
166	Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .	joy	moviereview
167	Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .	joy	moviereview
168	It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .	joy	moviereview
169	Must be seen to be believed .	surprise	moviereview
170	Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .	disgust	moviereview
171	Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .	joy	moviereview
172	The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .	surprise	moviereview
173	Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .	joy	moviereview
174	Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .	noemotion	moviereview
175	-LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .	joy	moviereview
176	The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .	joy	moviereview
177	Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .	joy	moviereview
178	A solidly seaworthy chiller .	joy	moviereview
179	If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .	joy	moviereview
180	There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .	joy	moviereview
181	A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .	noemotion	moviereview
182	There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .	joy	moviereview
183	Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .	noemotion	moviereview
184	Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .	joy	moviereview
185	For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .	joy	moviereview
186	Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .	joy	moviereview
187	Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...	noemotion	moviereview
188	The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .	joy	moviereview
189	Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .	joy	moviereview
190	Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .	joy	moviereview
191	Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .	joy	moviereview
192	An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .	joy	moviereview
193	It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .	joy	moviereview
194	Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad .	disgust	moviereview
195	A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .	joy	moviereview
196	This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !	joy	moviereview
197	A very funny movie .	joy	moviereview
198	Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .	disgust	moviereview
199	But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .	joy	moviereview
200	A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .	noemotion	moviereview
201	Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .	joy	moviereview
202	Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .	noemotion	moviereview
203	The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .	surprise	moviereview
204	Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .	joy	moviereview
205	Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .	joy	moviereview
206	A fascinating and fun film .	joy	moviereview
207	Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .	joy	moviereview
208	This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .	joy	moviereview
209	I admired this work a lot .	joy	moviereview
210	Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .	anticipation	moviereview
211	... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .	anticipation	moviereview
212	My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .	joy	moviereview
213	She must have a very strong back .	surprise	moviereview
214	A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
215	Australian actor/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	joy	moviereview
216	Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .	joy	moviereview
217	Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .	trust	moviereview
218	As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .	joy	moviereview
219	It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .	joy	moviereview
220	It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .	disgust	moviereview
221	A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	noemotion	moviereview
222	It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .	noemotion	moviereview
223	Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .	joy	moviereview
224	With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .	anticipation	moviereview
225	-LRB- Drumline -RRB- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .	joy	moviereview
226	At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .	noemotion	moviereview
227	An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .	joy	moviereview
228	A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .	sadness	moviereview
229	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	disgust	moviereview
230	Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .	joy	moviereview
231	Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .	disgust	moviereview
232	Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .	noemotion	moviereview
233	We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	surprise	moviereview
234	Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .	surprise	moviereview
235	Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .	joy	moviereview
236	Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .	joy	moviereview
237	Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .	anticipation	moviereview
238	An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .	joy	moviereview
239	Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .	joy	moviereview
240	The result is something quite fresh and delightful .	joy	moviereview
241	All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .	anticipation	moviereview
242	Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .	joy	moviereview
243	This is one of Polanski 's best films .	joy	moviereview
244	Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .	joy	moviereview
245	Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .	joy	moviereview
246	Is this progress ?	noemotion	moviereview
247	Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	joy	moviereview
248	Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .	joy	moviereview
249	Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances	joy	moviereview
250	An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .	joy	moviereview
251	I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .	joy	moviereview
252	The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	joy	moviereview
253	Remarkably accessible and affecting .	joy	moviereview
254	Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .	noemotion	moviereview
255	The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .	joy	moviereview
256	A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	joy	moviereview
257	Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .	joy	moviereview
258	Jir Hubac 's script is a gem .	joy	moviereview
259	His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .	joy	moviereview
260	The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .	joy	moviereview
261	Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .	surprise	moviereview
262	The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .	sadness	moviereview
263	I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .	joy	moviereview
264	Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .	joy	moviereview
265	You might not buy the ideas .	noemotion	moviereview
266	But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .	anticipation	moviereview
267	Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .	joy	moviereview
268	Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .	joy	moviereview
269	Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	joy	moviereview
270	Just what makes us happy , anyway ?	noemotion	moviereview
271	A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .	trust	moviereview
272	One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .	joy	moviereview
273	You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie -LRB- an anti-date movie is more like it -RRB- , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .	surprise	moviereview
274	Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .	joy	moviereview
275	This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .	joy	moviereview
276	The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .	joy	moviereview
277	It ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .	noemotion	moviereview
278	The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .	joy	moviereview
279	A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .	joy	moviereview
280	Using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .	noemotion	moviereview
281	... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .	noemotion	moviereview
282	The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb	joy	moviereview
283	As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .	joy	moviereview
284	Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?	noemotion	moviereview
285	It is now .	anticipation	moviereview
286	By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .	anticipation	moviereview
287	An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .	joy	moviereview
288	An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar -LRB- and peculiarly venomous -RRB- bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy	fear	moviereview
289	All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	joy	moviereview
290	`` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''	noemotion	moviereview
291	It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .	joy	moviereview
292	This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .	joy	moviereview
293	Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .	joy	moviereview
294	Mnch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .	joy	moviereview
295	Thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .	noemotion	moviereview
296	Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .	noemotion	moviereview
297	If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .	joy	moviereview
298	The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .	joy	moviereview
299	There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .	noemotion	moviereview
300	A wonderful character-based comedy .	joy	moviereview
301	It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .	noemotion	moviereview
302	An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .	joy	moviereview
303	The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .	joy	moviereview
304	It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .	joy	moviereview
305	It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .	joy	moviereview
306	Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .	joy	moviereview
307	The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .	noemotion	moviereview
308	The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .	surprise	moviereview
309	It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .	anticipation	moviereview
310	What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .	joy	moviereview
311	... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .	joy	moviereview
312	Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .	joy	moviereview
313	As a director , Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .	noemotion	moviereview
314	For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .	joy	moviereview
315	Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .	anticipation	moviereview
316	The New Guy does have a heart .	joy	moviereview
317	Now , if it only had a brain .	disgust	moviereview
318	A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .	noemotion	moviereview
319	Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .	joy	moviereview
320	The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	joy	moviereview
321	This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .	joy	moviereview
322	It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .	joy	moviereview
323	Morton is , as usual , brilliant .	joy	moviereview
324	Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .	joy	moviereview
325	I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .	joy	moviereview
326	The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .	joy	moviereview
327	Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .	noemotion	moviereview
328	I enjoyed the ride -LRB- bumps and all -RRB- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .	joy	moviereview
329	You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .	surprise	moviereview
330	Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .	noemotion	moviereview
331	Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .	sadness	moviereview
332	But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .	anticipation	moviereview
333	An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	joy	moviereview
334	High on melodrama .	noemotion	moviereview
335	But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .	joy	moviereview
336	Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .	surprise	moviereview
337	It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .	joy	moviereview
338	Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .	sadness	moviereview
339	He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .	noemotion	moviereview
340	Here , thankfully , they are .	joy	moviereview
341	Post 9/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	sadness	moviereview
342	Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .	trust	moviereview
343	This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .	joy	moviereview
344	Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .	sadness	moviereview
345	Girls gone wild and gone civil again	noemotion	moviereview
346	... Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .	joy	moviereview
347	While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .	joy	moviereview
348	Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .	joy	moviereview
349	Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .	joy	moviereview
350	... always remains movingly genuine .	joy	moviereview
351	An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .	joy	moviereview
352	Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .	joy	moviereview
353	A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .	joy	moviereview
354	Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .	joy	moviereview
355	An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .	joy	moviereview
356	Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .	joy	moviereview
357	But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .	noemotion	moviereview
358	It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .	joy	moviereview
359	This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .	joy	moviereview
360	Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .	noemotion	moviereview
361	It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .	joy	moviereview
362	A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .	joy	moviereview
363	Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .	joy	moviereview
364	The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .	joy	moviereview
365	The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	joy	moviereview
366	Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .	joy	moviereview
367	Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .	joy	moviereview
368	Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?	noemotion	moviereview
369	Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .	joy	moviereview
370	Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .	disgust	moviereview
371	Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .	disgust	moviereview
372	An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .	joy	moviereview
373	As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .	joy	moviereview
374	A model of what films like this should be like .	joy	moviereview
375	As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .	noemotion	moviereview
376	Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .	joy	moviereview
377	Is n't it great ?	joy	moviereview
378	An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .	joy	moviereview
379	Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .	joy	moviereview
380	... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .	joy	moviereview
381	Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .	joy	moviereview
382	A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .	joy	moviereview
383	As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- by desire ... -LRB- Sex and Luca -RRB- makes for an arousing good time .	joy	moviereview
384	Absorbing character study by Andr Turpin .	joy	moviereview
385	Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .	joy	moviereview
386	Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	joy	moviereview
387	If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .	disgust	moviereview
388	If you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	joy	moviereview
389	You 'll probably love it .	joy	moviereview
390	Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .	joy	moviereview
391	Energetic and boldly provocative .	joy	moviereview
392	Star Wars is back in a major way .	joy	moviereview
393	It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .	joy	moviereview
394	It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .	joy	moviereview
395	While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .	joy	moviereview
396	If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .	joy	moviereview
397	Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .	joy	moviereview
398	By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	joy	moviereview
399	If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .	joy	moviereview
400	... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''	joy	moviereview
401	something the true film buff will enjoy .	joy	moviereview
402	Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .	joy	moviereview
403	I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .	joy	moviereview
404	Hey , who else needs a shower ?	noemotion	moviereview
405	Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .	joy	moviereview
406	Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .	joy	moviereview
407	Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .	joy	moviereview
408	Go see it and enjoy .	joy	moviereview
409	The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .	joy	moviereview
410	George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .	joy	moviereview
411	There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .	joy	moviereview
412	Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	joy	moviereview
413	The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .	joy	moviereview
414	As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .	joy	moviereview
415	As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke -LRB- Octopus 2 : River of Fear -RRB- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .	joy	moviereview
416	A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .	surprise	moviereview
417	Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .	joy	moviereview
418	A slick , skillful little horror film .	joy	moviereview
419	A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .	joy	moviereview
420	-LRB- Anderson -RRB- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .	joy	moviereview
421	Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	joy	moviereview
422	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''	joy	moviereview
423	Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .	joy	moviereview
424	A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .	joy	moviereview
425	Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .	joy	moviereview
426	The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '	joy	moviereview
427	Lucas , take notes .	noemotion	moviereview
428	This is how you use special effects .	noemotion	moviereview
429	`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	joy	moviereview
430	near the end takes on a whole other meaning .	noemotion	moviereview
431	One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .	sadness	moviereview
432	Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .	sadness	moviereview
433	Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .	joy	moviereview
434	Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .	joy	moviereview
435	It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .	joy	moviereview
436	A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .	joy	moviereview
437	An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .	joy	moviereview
438	The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .	joy	moviereview
439	It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .	joy	moviereview
440	This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .	joy	moviereview
441	Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .	surprise	moviereview
442	The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .	joy	moviereview
443	Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .	disgust	moviereview
444	It 's still worth a look .	joy	moviereview
445	Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .	surprise	moviereview
446	A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .	joy	moviereview
447	Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	joy	moviereview
448	... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .	joy	moviereview
449	The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there .	joy	moviereview
450	The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	joy	moviereview
451	... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .	fear	moviereview
452	It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .	disgust	moviereview
453	Long after you leave Justine , you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .	sadness	moviereview
454	Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .	joy	moviereview
455	Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .	joy	moviereview
456	Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .	disgust	moviereview
457	An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .	joy	moviereview
458	The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .	surprise	moviereview
459	A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .	joy	moviereview
460	Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .	joy	moviereview
461	If the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .	disgust	moviereview
462	Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .	noemotion	moviereview
463	There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .	joy	moviereview
464	Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .	disgust	moviereview
465	There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -LRB- and gentle -RRB- way .	joy	moviereview
466	Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .	joy	moviereview
467	There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .	joy	moviereview
468	The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	anticipation	moviereview
469	` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .	joy	moviereview
470	Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .	noemotion	moviereview
471	The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .	joy	moviereview
472	When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .	joy	moviereview
473	The crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .	noemotion	moviereview
474	The actors are fantastic .	joy	moviereview
475	They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	joy	moviereview
476	Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .	joy	moviereview
477	I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .	joy	moviereview
478	Recalls quiet freak-outs like L'Avventura and Repulsion .	disgust	moviereview
479	Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .	joy	moviereview
480	... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .	joy	moviereview
481	A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .	joy	moviereview
482	Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .	anticipation	moviereview
483	The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	noemotion	moviereview
484	Lends itself to the narcotizing bland -LRB- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie -RRB- machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie .	disgust	moviereview
485	Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .	joy	moviereview
486	Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .	surprise	moviereview
487	-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	joy	moviereview
488	This is n't a new idea .	noemotion	moviereview
489	It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	joy	moviereview
490	An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .	joy	moviereview
491	Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .	noemotion	moviereview
492	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance	surprise	moviereview
493	Disturbing and brilliant documentary .	joy	moviereview
494	... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .	joy	moviereview
495	One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .	joy	moviereview
496	Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .	joy	moviereview
497	As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .	joy	moviereview
498	Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .	disgust	moviereview
499	-LRB- Villeneuve -RRB- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	joy	moviereview
500	The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .	fear	moviereview
501	Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .	joy	moviereview
502	It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head	joy	moviereview
503	Bourne , Jason Bourne .	noemotion	moviereview
504	He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .	joy	moviereview
505	He 's Super Spy !	joy	moviereview
506	What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .	noemotion	moviereview
507	This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	joy	moviereview
508	The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .	joy	moviereview
509	The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .	joy	moviereview
510	A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .	joy	moviereview
511	The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .	joy	moviereview
512	What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .	joy	moviereview
513	Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .	surprise	moviereview
514	Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .	joy	moviereview
515	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	joy	moviereview
516	As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .	joy	moviereview
517	Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter/Spider-Man .	joy	moviereview
518	Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .	trust	moviereview
519	The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .	joy	moviereview
520	It has fun being grown up .	joy	moviereview
521	Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .	joy	moviereview
522	Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .	joy	moviereview
523	One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .	joy	moviereview
524	Quite funny for the type of movie it is ...	joy	moviereview
525	It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .	joy	moviereview
526	One of -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- least inspired works .	disgust	moviereview
527	This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .	sadness	moviereview
528	Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .	joy	moviereview
529	An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .	joy	moviereview
530	There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .	joy	moviereview
531	Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .	joy	moviereview
532	Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -LRB- the film -RRB- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .	joy	moviereview
533	Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .	joy	moviereview
534	This is a very fine movie -- go see it .	joy	moviereview
535	As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .	joy	moviereview
536	Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .	surprise	moviereview
537	One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	joy	moviereview
538	Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .	surprise	moviereview
539	A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .	joy	moviereview
540	A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .	joy	moviereview
541	The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...	joy	moviereview
542	Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	joy	moviereview
543	Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	joy	moviereview
544	A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .	joy	moviereview
545	You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .	joy	moviereview
546	This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .	joy	moviereview
547	The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .	joy	moviereview
548	Provide -LRB- s -RRB- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .	anticipation	moviereview
549	If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .	joy	moviereview
550	Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .	trust	moviereview
551	The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .	noemotion	moviereview
552	For all its serious sense of purpose ... -LRB- it -RRB- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .	joy	moviereview
553	A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .	disgust	moviereview
554	This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .	joy	moviereview
555	Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .	joy	moviereview
556	A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .	joy	moviereview
557	A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .	fear	moviereview
558	Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .	joy	moviereview
559	Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .	joy	moviereview
560	... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '	joy	moviereview
561	... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '	joy	moviereview
562	A pleasant romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
563	It 's a Count for our times .	trust	moviereview
564	Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill	joy	moviereview
565	Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .	noemotion	moviereview
566	A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .	noemotion	moviereview
567	Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .	joy	moviereview
568	... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .	surprise	moviereview
569	A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .	joy	moviereview
570	For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .	joy	moviereview
571	Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	noemotion	moviereview
572	The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .	joy	moviereview
573	Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	joy	moviereview
574	I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .	joy	moviereview
575	In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .	joy	moviereview
576	Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .	noemotion	moviereview
577	Hopkins .	noemotion	moviereview
578	The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .	joy	moviereview
579	A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .	joy	moviereview
580	Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .	joy	moviereview
581	It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...	joy	moviereview
582	Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .	joy	moviereview
583	As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .	disgust	moviereview
584	An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .	noemotion	moviereview
585	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .	joy	moviereview
586	Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .	noemotion	moviereview
587	The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .	joy	moviereview
588	Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .	joy	moviereview
589	Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .	joy	moviereview
590	A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .	noemotion	moviereview
591	A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .	disgust	moviereview
592	Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .	noemotion	moviereview
593	Hmm .	noemotion	moviereview
594	An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
595	Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .	joy	moviereview
596	Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .	surprise	moviereview
597	The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .	joy	moviereview
598	For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	joy	moviereview
599	This is pretty dicey material .	disgust	moviereview
600	But some unexpected zigs and zags help .	surprise	moviereview
601	The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .	fear	moviereview
602	The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .	joy	moviereview
603	You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .	noemotion	moviereview
604	This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .	noemotion	moviereview
605	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	joy	moviereview
606	Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .	noemotion	moviereview
607	A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .	noemotion	moviereview
608	Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .	joy	moviereview
609	`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .	joy	moviereview
610	It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
611	A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .	joy	moviereview
612	We need -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .	anticipation	moviereview
613	Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !	disgust	moviereview
614	sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .	sadness	moviereview
615	-LRB- Gai -RRB- comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .	joy	moviereview
616	These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .	joy	moviereview
617	It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .	joy	moviereview
618	A moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .	joy	moviereview
619	As a singular character study , it 's perfect .	joy	moviereview
620	It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .	joy	moviereview
621	A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .	joy	moviereview
622	While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations	joy	moviereview
623	The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .	joy	moviereview
624	Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets	surprise	moviereview
625	`` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .	anticipation	moviereview
626	Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .	joy	moviereview
627	-LRB- Director Peter -RRB- Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .	joy	moviereview
628	While the glass slipper does n't quite fit , Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .	surprise	moviereview
629	The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .	joy	moviereview
630	An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .	joy	moviereview
631	An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .	joy	moviereview
632	This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .	joy	moviereview
633	Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .	joy	moviereview
634	And in this regard , On Guard delivers .	joy	moviereview
635	... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .	joy	moviereview
636	An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .	joy	moviereview
637	Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .	joy	moviereview
638	There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .	joy	moviereview
639	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .	joy	moviereview
640	another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances	joy	moviereview
641	A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .	fear	moviereview
642	A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .	noemotion	moviereview
643	Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .	joy	moviereview
644	very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan	joy	moviereview
645	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .	noemotion	moviereview
646	It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .	disgust	moviereview
647	Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .	joy	moviereview
648	A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .	surprise	moviereview
649	Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .	joy	moviereview
650	Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .	joy	moviereview
651	Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .	anticipation	moviereview
652	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .	joy	moviereview
653	The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .	noemotion	moviereview
654	This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .	joy	moviereview
655	Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .	noemotion	moviereview
656	Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .	joy	moviereview
657	Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .	joy	moviereview
658	Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .	joy	moviereview
659	In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .	anticipation	moviereview
660	Sometimes , that 's enough .	sadness	moviereview
661	An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .	surprise	moviereview
662	Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...	joy	moviereview
663	Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .	joy	moviereview
664	As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .	joy	moviereview
665	Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .	joy	moviereview
666	An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient	joy	moviereview
667	It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .	surprise	moviereview
668	Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .	disgust	moviereview
669	He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .	noemotion	moviereview
670	No question .	noemotion	moviereview
671	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	joy	moviereview
672	Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .	joy	moviereview
673	What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .	joy	moviereview
674	Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...	noemotion	moviereview
675	Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .	joy	moviereview
676	-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...	disgust	moviereview
677	Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?	disgust	moviereview
678	Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .	joy	moviereview
679	The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .	disgust	moviereview
680	Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...	disgust	moviereview
681	As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn	noemotion	moviereview
682	The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .	noemotion	moviereview
683	This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .	joy	moviereview
684	A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .	noemotion	moviereview
685	This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	joy	moviereview
686	Complex , affecting and uniquely Almod var , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .	joy	moviereview
687	Good ol urban legend stuff .	joy	moviereview
688	Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .	noemotion	moviereview
689	This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .	noemotion	moviereview
690	It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .	joy	moviereview
691	It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .	joy	moviereview
692	On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .	joy	moviereview
693	Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	joy	moviereview
694	Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .	joy	moviereview
695	Good movie .	joy	moviereview
696	Good actress .	joy	moviereview
697	But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .	surprise	moviereview
698	It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .	joy	moviereview
699	It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .	disgust	moviereview
700	With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .	joy	moviereview
701	It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .	joy	moviereview
702	A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .	joy	moviereview
703	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...	joy	moviereview
704	Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .	joy	moviereview
705	Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	joy	moviereview
706	The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .	noemotion	moviereview
707	Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	joy	moviereview
708	Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .	joy	moviereview
709	Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .	joy	moviereview
710	Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .	joy	moviereview
711	Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .	surprise	moviereview
712	Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .	joy	moviereview
713	Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .	joy	moviereview
714	When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .	joy	moviereview
715	While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .	noemotion	moviereview
716	Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .	sadness	moviereview
717	No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . ''	noemotion	moviereview
718	It 's astonishing .	joy	moviereview
719	For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .	joy	moviereview
720	Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	joy	moviereview
721	It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .	joy	moviereview
722	It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .	disgust	moviereview
723	A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .	joy	moviereview
724	Tailored to entertain !	joy	moviereview
725	A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .	joy	moviereview
726	has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .	disgust	moviereview
727	A work of astonishing delicacy and force .	joy	moviereview
728	The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .	joy	moviereview
729	For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .	joy	moviereview
730	Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .	joy	moviereview
731	The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .	joy	moviereview
732	An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .	joy	moviereview
733	A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .	joy	moviereview
734	A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .	joy	moviereview
735	What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .	joy	moviereview
736	As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change	joy	moviereview
737	Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .	joy	moviereview
738	A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
739	Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .	joy	moviereview
740	It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .	joy	moviereview
741	The movie sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .	noemotion	moviereview
742	A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .	joy	moviereview
743	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-	joy	moviereview
744	This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .	sadness	moviereview
745	A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .	joy	moviereview
746	Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .	joy	moviereview
747	Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .	noemotion	moviereview
748	Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .	disgust	moviereview
749	There 's an energy to Y Tu Mam Tambin .	joy	moviereview
750	Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	joy	moviereview
751	It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .	noemotion	moviereview
752	Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	joy	moviereview
753	You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .	joy	moviereview
754	It 's hard not to be seduced by -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	joy	moviereview
755	A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .	noemotion	moviereview
756	A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .	joy	moviereview
757	If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .	disgust	moviereview
758	But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .	anticipation	moviereview
759	From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .	joy	moviereview
760	Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .	joy	moviereview
761	Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	joy	moviereview
762	Ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .	noemotion	moviereview
763	The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .	joy	moviereview
764	There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .	joy	moviereview
765	An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	joy	moviereview
766	There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .	joy	moviereview
767	As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .	joy	moviereview
768	Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .	trust	moviereview
769	Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .	joy	moviereview
770	This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	joy	moviereview
771	An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .	joy	moviereview
772	... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .	joy	moviereview
773	A clever blend of fact and fiction .	joy	moviereview
774	A vivid cinematic portrait .	joy	moviereview
775	Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .	joy	moviereview
776	Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	joy	moviereview
777	The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .	joy	moviereview
778	A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .	joy	moviereview
779	It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .	joy	moviereview
780	Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	joy	moviereview
781	Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	joy	moviereview
782	Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .	joy	moviereview
783	the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality	disgust	moviereview
784	Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .	joy	moviereview
785	It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .	joy	moviereview
786	-LRB- Fessenden -RRB- is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills	noemotion	moviereview
787	The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .	joy	moviereview
788	a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .	joy	moviereview
789	At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .	noemotion	moviereview
790	The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .	joy	moviereview
791	The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...	joy	moviereview
792	A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .	anticipation	moviereview
793	Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .	joy	moviereview
794	So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise *** .	noemotion	moviereview
795	Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .	joy	moviereview
796	His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .	joy	moviereview
797	Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .	joy	moviereview
798	The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .	joy	moviereview
799	... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .	joy	moviereview
800	It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	noemotion	moviereview
801	Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .	joy	moviereview
802	I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .	joy	moviereview
803	It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .	joy	moviereview
804	Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .	joy	moviereview
805	Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .	surprise	moviereview
806	Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .	joy	moviereview
807	The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .	disgust	moviereview
808	` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...	sadness	moviereview
809	Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .	disgust	moviereview
810	A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .	joy	moviereview
811	The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .	joy	moviereview
812	Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .	joy	moviereview
813	Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .	joy	moviereview
814	A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '	joy	moviereview
815	A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .	joy	moviereview
816	The recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .	sadness	moviereview
817	Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .	joy	moviereview
818	Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .	noemotion	moviereview
819	The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .	surprise	moviereview
820	Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .	sadness	moviereview
821	It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .	surprise	moviereview
822	Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .	joy	moviereview
823	De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .	joy	moviereview
824	... an inviting piece of film .	joy	moviereview
825	The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .	joy	moviereview
826	The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .	joy	moviereview
827	A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .	joy	moviereview
828	A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .	surprise	moviereview
829	A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .	joy	moviereview
830	it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash	joy	moviereview
831	As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !	joy	moviereview
832	Brilliant ! '	joy	moviereview
833	Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .	noemotion	moviereview
834	Her delivery and timing are flawless .	joy	moviereview
835	Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	disgust	moviereview
836	At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...	joy	moviereview
837	An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .	joy	moviereview
838	About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .	noemotion	moviereview
839	Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	surprise	moviereview
840	A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out	joy	moviereview
841	`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	sadness	moviereview
842	A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .	joy	moviereview
843	Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	joy	moviereview
844	It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .	sadness	moviereview
845	The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .	joy	moviereview
846	It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .	joy	moviereview
847	A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .	disgust	moviereview
848	Worth the effort to watch .	joy	moviereview
849	That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .	joy	moviereview
850	Boisterous and daft documentary .	joy	moviereview
851	Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .	joy	moviereview
852	A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .	joy	moviereview
853	Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000	noemotion	moviereview
854	It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .	surprise	moviereview
855	You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	anticipation	moviereview
856	A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .	noemotion	moviereview
857	It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .	noemotion	moviereview
858	Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .	joy	moviereview
859	Witty , touching and well paced .	joy	moviereview
860	Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .	joy	moviereview
861	You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .	joy	moviereview
862	The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	sadness	moviereview
863	Enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .	joy	moviereview
864	A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .	joy	moviereview
865	A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .	joy	moviereview
866	Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	joy	moviereview
867	At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .	joy	moviereview
868	Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .	joy	moviereview
869	Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .	noemotion	moviereview
870	The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .	joy	moviereview
871	Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	joy	moviereview
872	A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .	noemotion	moviereview
873	It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .	fear	moviereview
874	A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .	joy	moviereview
875	There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .	joy	moviereview
876	Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	joy	moviereview
877	It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .	joy	moviereview
878	Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests . '	other	moviereview
879	Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	joy	moviereview
880	Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	joy	moviereview
881	The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .	noemotion	moviereview
882	It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .	joy	moviereview
883	The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .	joy	moviereview
884	More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .	joy	moviereview
885	It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .	disgust	moviereview
886	But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .	joy	moviereview
887	Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almod var style .	joy	moviereview
888	Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .	joy	moviereview
889	Some movies are like a tasty hors-doeuvre ; this one is a feast .	joy	moviereview
890	What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .	joy	moviereview
891	Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .	joy	moviereview
892	Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .	joy	moviereview
893	Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .	joy	moviereview
894	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	noemotion	moviereview
895	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .	noemotion	moviereview
896	A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .	joy	moviereview
897	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''	sadness	moviereview
898	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	joy	moviereview
899	A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .	joy	moviereview
900	-LRB- Broomfield -RRB- uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .	joy	moviereview
901	Eight Crazy Nights is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .	joy	moviereview
902	A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .	joy	moviereview
903	This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .	joy	moviereview
904	Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
905	A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .	joy	moviereview
906	It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .	joy	moviereview
907	A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .	joy	moviereview
908	It never fails to engage us .	joy	moviereview
909	Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .	disgust	moviereview
910	A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
911	This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is .	joy	moviereview
912	The spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .	joy	moviereview
913	Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .	anticipation	moviereview
914	Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .	joy	moviereview
915	The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
916	Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .	joy	moviereview
917	A picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .	joy	moviereview
918	A resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .	joy	moviereview
919	Noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .	disgust	moviereview
920	Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .	joy	moviereview
921	Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .	fear	moviereview
922	Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .	joy	moviereview
923	An elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .	joy	moviereview
924	This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .	joy	moviereview
925	Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik . ''	joy	moviereview
926	It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...	joy	moviereview
927	Is it a total success ?	noemotion	moviereview
928	No. .	noemotion	moviereview
929	Is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?	anticipation	moviereview
930	You bet .	noemotion	moviereview
931	Zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .	joy	moviereview
932	Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .	joy	moviereview
933	The disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .	joy	moviereview
934	A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .	joy	moviereview
935	Search it out .	noemotion	moviereview
936	Engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .	joy	moviereview
937	The story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .	joy	moviereview
938	A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .	anticipation	moviereview
939	Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''	joy	moviereview
940	This horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .	surprise	moviereview
941	The movie 's eventual success should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor	joy	moviereview
942	Not a bad journey at all .	joy	moviereview
943	Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .	surprise	moviereview
944	Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .	joy	moviereview
945	There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .	joy	moviereview
946	Eventually , it wins you over .	anticipation	moviereview
947	Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .	surprise	moviereview
948	Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .	noemotion	moviereview
949	Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find What Time Is It There ?	joy	moviereview
950	well worth the time .	joy	moviereview
951	A wildly funny prison caper .	joy	moviereview
952	Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .	joy	moviereview
953	Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	joy	moviereview
954	You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .	joy	moviereview
955	The actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .	joy	moviereview
956	The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	joy	moviereview
957	It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .	joy	moviereview
958	I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .	surprise	moviereview
959	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness	joy	moviereview
960	In Adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .	joy	moviereview
961	It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .	joy	moviereview
962	... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .	joy	moviereview
963	A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .	joy	moviereview
964	The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .	joy	moviereview
965	The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .	joy	moviereview
966	The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .	joy	moviereview
967	Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .	surprise	moviereview
968	Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .	joy	moviereview
969	Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .	joy	moviereview
970	Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .	joy	moviereview
971	A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .	joy	moviereview
972	This is art paying homage to art .	joy	moviereview
973	... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .	joy	moviereview
974	Invincible is a wonderful movie .	joy	moviereview
975	... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .	joy	moviereview
976	Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .	anticipation	moviereview
977	Occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .	joy	moviereview
978	Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .	joy	moviereview
979	Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .	joy	moviereview
980	Cuts right through the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .	disgust	moviereview
981	The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .	surprise	moviereview
982	... does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .	joy	moviereview
983	Marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .	joy	moviereview
984	From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .	joy	moviereview
985	Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	joy	moviereview
986	Insomnia is involving .	noemotion	moviereview
987	Still , I thought it could have been more .	disgust	moviereview
988	There was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief .	noemotion	moviereview
989	We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .	joy	moviereview
990	A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .	joy	moviereview
991	The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .	joy	moviereview
992	A worthwhile way to spend two hours .	joy	moviereview
993	Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .	anger	moviereview
994	Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .	joy	moviereview
995	One of the best of the year .	joy	moviereview
996	A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .	joy	moviereview
997	Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .	joy	moviereview
998	Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .	noemotion	moviereview
999	An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .	joy	moviereview
1000	... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .	fear	moviereview
1001	It is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .	noemotion	moviereview
1002	Frailty is n't as gory or explicit .	noemotion	moviereview
1003	But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .	fear	moviereview
1004	Mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .	joy	moviereview
1005	The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags .	joy	moviereview
1006	This is one for the ages .	joy	moviereview
1007	-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .	joy	moviereview
1008	Much monkeyfun for all .	joy	moviereview
1009	An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .	joy	moviereview
1010	-LRB- Hawn 's character -RRB- is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .	disgust	moviereview
1011	The heightened symmetry of this new/old Cinema Paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .	joy	moviereview
1012	The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .	joy	moviereview
1013	But this time there 's some mold on the gold .	disgust	moviereview
1014	While surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .	joy	moviereview
1015	It is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .	joy	moviereview
1016	A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .	joy	moviereview
1017	A pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .	joy	moviereview
1018	Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .	joy	moviereview
1019	A perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .	joy	moviereview
1020	This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family	joy	moviereview
1021	An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .	joy	moviereview
1022	It takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .	joy	moviereview
1023	Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .	joy	moviereview
1024	There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but I liked its heart and its spirit .	joy	moviereview
1025	Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity .	sadness	moviereview
1026	This cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .	joy	moviereview
1027	Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .	joy	moviereview
1028	A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .	joy	moviereview
1029	An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .	joy	moviereview
1030	Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .	joy	moviereview
1031	Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .	joy	moviereview
1032	There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .	surprise	moviereview
1033	I believe the message is in the messenger : The agent is a woman .	noemotion	moviereview
1034	An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .	joy	moviereview
1035	`` The Mothman Prophecies '' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .	fear	moviereview
1036	The second chapter of the Harry Potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .	joy	moviereview
1037	More honest about Alzheimer 's disease , I think , than Iris .	noemotion	moviereview
1038	The acting alone is worth the price of admission .	joy	moviereview
1039	An excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .	joy	moviereview
1040	Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but Fiennes steals ` Red Dragon ' right from under their noses .	joy	moviereview
1041	This is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .	joy	moviereview
1042	Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .	joy	moviereview
1043	This is n't a narrative film -- I do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .	noemotion	moviereview
1044	My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .	joy	moviereview
1045	The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...	noemotion	moviereview
1046	Cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .	joy	moviereview
1047	Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .	joy	moviereview
1048	So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .	joy	moviereview
1049	The cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .	joy	moviereview
1050	After making several adaptations of other writers ' work , Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .	noemotion	moviereview
1051	The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .	joy	moviereview
1052	If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .	surprise	moviereview
1053	A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	joy	moviereview
1054	Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .	joy	moviereview
1055	Without resorting to hyperbole , I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .	joy	moviereview
1056	Nolan bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	joy	moviereview
1057	Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar , The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .	trust	moviereview
1058	A potent allegorical love story .	joy	moviereview
1059	Even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .	noemotion	moviereview
1060	This is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .	anticipation	moviereview
1061	The movie is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .	joy	moviereview
1062	A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .	joy	moviereview
1063	Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .	joy	moviereview
1064	The movie is n't always easy to look at .	other	moviereview
1065	But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .	joy	moviereview
1066	It 's -LRB- Ricci 's -RRB- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .	joy	moviereview
1067	Highlights are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .	joy	moviereview
1068	-LRB- Howard -RRB- so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .	noemotion	moviereview
1069	Superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	joy	moviereview
1070	By taking Entertainment Tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , Auto Focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .	joy	moviereview
1071	It 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .	joy	moviereview
1072	Subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .	joy	moviereview
1073	The weakest of the four Harry Potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .	surprise	moviereview
1074	Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .	disgust	moviereview
1075	Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .	joy	moviereview
1076	It further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .	joy	moviereview
1077	Smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .	joy	moviereview
1078	Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .	joy	moviereview
1079	A movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .	joy	moviereview
1080	Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .	joy	moviereview
1081	Fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .	noemotion	moviereview
1082	An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best .	joy	moviereview
1083	A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .	joy	moviereview
1084	If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .	joy	moviereview
1085	It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?	disgust	moviereview
1086	Thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .	joy	moviereview
1087	One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	joy	moviereview
1088	The WWII drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	joy	moviereview
1089	It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .	joy	moviereview
1090	If you love Motown music , you 'll love this documentary .	joy	moviereview
1091	This time out , -LRB- Sade -RRB- is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .	disgust	moviereview
1092	Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better .	noemotion	moviereview
1093	It 's haunting .	fear	moviereview
1094	It 's like a poem .	joy	moviereview
1095	To the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .	joy	moviereview
1096	Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .	joy	moviereview
1097	Shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .	joy	moviereview
1098	Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	surprise	moviereview
1099	A cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .	disgust	moviereview
1100	Sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .	joy	moviereview
1101	Whether -LRB- Binoche and Magimel -RRB- are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .	joy	moviereview
1102	A spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .	joy	moviereview
1103	It 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	joy	moviereview
1104	Majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .	joy	moviereview
1105	... a well-observed and disturbing little movie	surprise	moviereview
1106	Fans of Nijinsky will savor every minute of Cox 's work .	joy	moviereview
1107	Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .	joy	moviereview
1108	Jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .	anticipation	moviereview
1109	Escapism in its purest form .	joy	moviereview
1110	There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	joy	moviereview
1111	A comic gem with some serious sparkles .	joy	moviereview
1112	U.S. audiences may find -LRB- Attal and Gainsbourg 's -RRB- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .	joy	moviereview
1113	`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''	joy	moviereview
1114	Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .	joy	moviereview
1115	A loving little film of considerable appeal .	joy	moviereview
1116	Although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .	joy	moviereview
1117	Flawed but worthy look at life in U.S. relocation camps .	joy	moviereview
1118	It 's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi .	joy	moviereview
1119	No one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .	noemotion	moviereview
1120	And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .	sadness	moviereview
1121	A warm , funny , engaging film .	joy	moviereview
1122	Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	joy	moviereview
1123	Half Submarine flick , Half Ghost Story , All in one criminally neglected film	disgust	moviereview
1124	Entertains by providing good , lively company .	joy	moviereview
1125	Dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness -LRB- which always relates to characters and story -RRB- and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .	joy	moviereview
1126	Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .	joy	moviereview
1127	Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .	joy	moviereview
1128	Unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most Hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .	joy	moviereview
1129	You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	anticipation	moviereview
1130	The band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -LRB- this one included -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
1131	Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	surprise	moviereview
1132	A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney .	joy	moviereview
1133	As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	joy	moviereview
1134	-LRB- Lawrence bounces -RRB- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	joy	moviereview
1135	The film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .	sadness	moviereview
1136	What 's surprising about Full Frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	surprise	moviereview
1137	Whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	sadness	moviereview
1138	... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young Gaghan 's resume .	joy	moviereview
1139	It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	joy	moviereview
1140	There 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	joy	moviereview
1141	It moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise .	joy	moviereview
1142	A deep and meaningful film .	joy	moviereview
1143	The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	joy	moviereview
1144	It 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	joy	moviereview
1145	Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	joy	moviereview
1146	A poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	joy	moviereview
1147	A rarity among recent Iranian films : It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	joy	moviereview
1148	Not only is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	joy	moviereview
1149	In a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	joy	moviereview
1150	Woody Allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	noemotion	moviereview
1151	It 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	joy	moviereview
1152	The inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .	noemotion	moviereview
1153	-LRB- s -RRB- directed the stage version of Elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	joy	moviereview
1154	Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	surprise	moviereview
1155	But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	joy	moviereview
1156	A coda in every sense , The Pinochet Case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .	noemotion	moviereview
1157	Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	joy	moviereview
1158	-LRB- T -RRB- his beguiling Belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .	joy	moviereview
1159	Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .	disgust	moviereview
1160	But taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck .	joy	moviereview
1161	You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him .	noemotion	moviereview
1162	And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .	noemotion	moviereview
1163	While the stoically delivered hokum of Hart 's War is never fun , it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation .	noemotion	moviereview
1164	We know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	joy	moviereview
1165	A sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .	sadness	moviereview
1166	A fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	joy	moviereview
1167	A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	joy	moviereview
1168	Writer/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	surprise	moviereview
1169	A smart , witty follow-up .	joy	moviereview
1170	While the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .	surprise	moviereview
1171	An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	joy	moviereview
1172	Although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .	joy	moviereview
1173	It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	joy	moviereview
1174	Add yet another hat to a talented head , Clooney 's a good director .	joy	moviereview
1175	Building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	joy	moviereview
1176	Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .	disgust	moviereview
1177	Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : David Jacobson 's Dahmer .	joy	moviereview
1178	A swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	joy	moviereview
1179	Without ever becoming didactic , director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	joy	moviereview
1180	It 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films -- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .	joy	moviereview
1181	A literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	joy	moviereview
1182	Makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .	joy	moviereview
1183	This is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary .	joy	moviereview
1184	One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
1185	Not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	anticipation	moviereview
1186	For the most part Stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	joy	moviereview
1187	Broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	joy	moviereview
1188	Against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	joy	moviereview
1189	It 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .	joy	moviereview
1190	It 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	joy	moviereview
1191	A rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .	joy	moviereview
1192	This surreal Gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .	disgust	moviereview
1193	A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .	joy	moviereview
1194	A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .	joy	moviereview
1195	May be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	joy	moviereview
1196	A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .	joy	moviereview
1197	Huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	joy	moviereview
1198	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	joy	moviereview
1199	A delirious celebration of the female orgasm .	joy	moviereview
1200	Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .	joy	moviereview
1201	It 's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other .	joy	moviereview
1202	The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .	joy	moviereview
1203	Leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	joy	moviereview
1204	One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	joy	moviereview
1205	Jose Campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	joy	moviereview
1206	Generally , Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	joy	moviereview
1207	The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .	joy	moviereview
1208	Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .	joy	moviereview
1209	It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	joy	moviereview
1210	Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .	joy	moviereview
1211	Jaglom ... put -LRB- s -RRB- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	joy	moviereview
1212	Beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	joy	moviereview
1213	A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	joy	moviereview
1214	Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	joy	moviereview
1215	The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .	joy	moviereview
1216	Garca Bernal and Talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	joy	moviereview
1217	Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features Nickelodeon has made from its other animated TV series .	surprise	moviereview
1218	The very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .	joy	moviereview
1219	A gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .	joy	moviereview
1220	Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .	disgust	moviereview
1221	Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	joy	moviereview
1222	So unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '	joy	moviereview
1223	An intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	joy	moviereview
1224	So refreshingly incisive is Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .	joy	moviereview
1225	At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .	joy	moviereview
1226	The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	joy	moviereview
1227	Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile -LRB- emphasized here -RRB- accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .	joy	moviereview
1228	What better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?	joy	moviereview
1229	The second coming of Harry Potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .	joy	moviereview
1230	A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .	joy	moviereview
1231	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .	joy	moviereview
1232	It 's also , clearly , great fun .	joy	moviereview
1233	... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	joy	moviereview
1234	Seldahl 's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	joy	moviereview
1235	A warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	joy	moviereview
1236	Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	joy	moviereview
1237	Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	surprise	moviereview
1238	Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .	noemotion	moviereview
1239	People cinema at its finest .	joy	moviereview
1240	The performances take the movie to a higher level .	joy	moviereview
1241	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .	joy	moviereview
1242	... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	joy	moviereview
1243	Manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	joy	moviereview
1244	Dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	joy	moviereview
1245	LaPaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	joy	moviereview
1246	Reign of Fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .	disgust	moviereview
1247	Altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
1248	We root for -LRB- Clara and Paul -RRB- , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .	sadness	moviereview
1249	The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .	joy	moviereview
1250	Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	joy	moviereview
1251	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	joy	moviereview
1252	If The Count of Monte Cristo does n't transform Caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	disgust	moviereview
1253	-LRB- D -RRB- oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	trust	moviereview
1254	As a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a Triumph , however , it is not .	disgust	moviereview
1255	If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .	noemotion	moviereview
1256	If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .	joy	moviereview
1257	-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .	disgust	moviereview
1258	... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .	noemotion	moviereview
1259	Like Leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .	joy	moviereview
1260	All in all , The Count of Monte Cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .	joy	moviereview
1261	If you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .	joy	moviereview
1262	Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '	joy	moviereview
1263	... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	surprise	moviereview
1264	On this tricky topic , Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	joy	moviereview
1265	Fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	joy	moviereview
1266	Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	noemotion	moviereview
1267	Falls neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .	joy	moviereview
1268	The film 's performances are thrilling .	joy	moviereview
1269	Even in its most tedious scenes , Russian Ark is mesmerizing .	joy	moviereview
1270	The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	joy	moviereview
1271	Reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	joy	moviereview
1272	Unfortunately , it appears that -LRB- Jackie -RRB- Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films .	disgust	moviereview
1273	It all adds up to good fun .	joy	moviereview
1274	A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	joy	moviereview
1275	The wanton slipperiness of * Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	joy	moviereview
1276	A stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for Kissinger as a calculating war criminal .	joy	moviereview
1277	Sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	joy	moviereview
1278	a quiet , pure , elliptical film	joy	moviereview
1279	Kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	joy	moviereview
1280	The subtle strength of `` Elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	joy	moviereview
1281	A study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	joy	moviereview
1282	The format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	noemotion	moviereview
1283	Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .	joy	moviereview
1284	Chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of Jeffrey Dahmer , serial killer .	joy	moviereview
1285	Though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	joy	moviereview
1286	It deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .	joy	moviereview
1287	A movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .	joy	moviereview
1288	Thanks to Scott 's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew , Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .	joy	moviereview
1289	Nine Queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	joy	moviereview
1290	It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .	joy	moviereview
1291	Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	joy	moviereview
1292	You do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .	joy	moviereview
1293	A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	joy	moviereview
1294	For the first time in years , De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	joy	moviereview
1295	The film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .	joy	moviereview
1296	Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	anticipation	moviereview
1297	Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners .	joy	moviereview
1298	The old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	joy	moviereview
1299	An effectively creepy , fear-inducing -LRB- not fear-reducing -RRB- film from Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	fear	moviereview
1300	Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .	joy	moviereview
1301	A subtle and well-crafted -LRB- for the most part -RRB- chiller .	joy	moviereview
1302	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	joy	moviereview
1303	Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	joy	moviereview
1304	The best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	joy	moviereview
1305	A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original .	surprise	moviereview
1306	This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	joy	moviereview
1307	Highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .	joy	moviereview
1308	One of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .	fear	moviereview
1309	Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .	joy	moviereview
1310	Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .	joy	moviereview
1311	Rare Birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	joy	moviereview
1312	Manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	joy	moviereview
1313	This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .	disgust	moviereview
1314	And just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane .	disgust	moviereview
1315	No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	joy	moviereview
1316	The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .	joy	moviereview
1317	Old-form moviemaking at its best .	joy	moviereview
1318	Ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !	joy	moviereview
1319	Yakusho and Shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .	joy	moviereview
1320	You will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	noemotion	moviereview
1321	Ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .	joy	moviereview
1322	In spite of Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality , this white trash War of the Roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	joy	moviereview
1323	Collateral Damage finally delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .	joy	moviereview
1324	There has always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade .	joy	moviereview
1325	As a first-time director , Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .	joy	moviereview
1326	For the most part , director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	joy	moviereview
1327	By the time we learn that Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven , we can enjoy it anyway .	surprise	moviereview
1328	This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	joy	moviereview
1329	A tender , heartfelt family drama .	joy	moviereview
1330	A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	noemotion	moviereview
1331	For the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	joy	moviereview
1332	It has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .	joy	moviereview
1333	-LRB- Chaiken 's -RRB- talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .	joy	moviereview
1334	In all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	sadness	moviereview
1335	Huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .	joy	moviereview
1336	My thoughts were focused on the characters .	noemotion	moviereview
1337	That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .	joy	moviereview
1338	If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .	noemotion	moviereview
1339	One of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .	joy	moviereview
1340	Remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx '' was going to be ?	anticipation	moviereview
1341	This is it .	noemotion	moviereview
1342	Not for the prurient or squeamish , it 's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .	noemotion	moviereview
1343	A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	joy	moviereview
1344	The film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .	sadness	moviereview
1345	Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	joy	moviereview
1346	There 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	joy	moviereview
1347	For anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .	surprise	moviereview
1348	It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now I ca n't wait for the sequel .	anticipation	moviereview
1349	It 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .	sadness	moviereview
1350	An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	joy	moviereview
1351	The far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .	joy	moviereview
1352	It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '	joy	moviereview
1353	Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '	joy	moviereview
1354	By candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , -LRB- Jones -RRB- calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .	joy	moviereview
1355	It 's unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .	disgust	moviereview
1356	Good film , but very glum .	sadness	moviereview
1357	Much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , Haneke has a different objective in mind -- namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .	noemotion	moviereview
1358	Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation .	joy	moviereview
1359	It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .	joy	moviereview
1360	Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...	joy	moviereview
1361	It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	joy	moviereview
1362	Although Jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for The Return of the King , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two Towers .	anticipation	moviereview
1363	It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	joy	moviereview
1364	Bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	joy	moviereview
1365	It will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .	joy	moviereview
1366	This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	joy	moviereview
1367	`` The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .	noemotion	moviereview
1368	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a jolly surprise .	surprise	moviereview
1369	Griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .	joy	moviereview
1370	Prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , Jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .	joy	moviereview
1371	Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	joy	moviereview
1372	An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	joy	moviereview
1373	Is this love or is it masochism ?	disgust	moviereview
1374	Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	anticipation	moviereview
1375	The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	joy	moviereview
1376	Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	joy	moviereview
1377	Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	joy	moviereview
1378	It 's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them .	joy	moviereview
1379	Candid Camera on methamphetamines .	noemotion	moviereview
1380	A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .	disgust	moviereview
1381	Equilibrium is what George Orwell might have imagined had today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .	noemotion	moviereview
1382	Creepy , authentic and dark .	fear	moviereview
1383	This disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .	disgust	moviereview
1384	Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .	joy	moviereview
1385	A twisty , moody slice of Southern Gothic ...	joy	moviereview
1386	It 's so good that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake .	joy	moviereview
1387	The weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	joy	moviereview
1388	An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	noemotion	moviereview
1389	` They ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned .	fear	moviereview
1390	And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .	fear	moviereview
1391	This tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country .	joy	moviereview
1392	... with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .	noemotion	moviereview
1393	Beneath Clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence .	joy	moviereview
1394	The film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it 's an enjoyable one .	joy	moviereview
1395	Holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .	joy	moviereview
1396	It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .	joy	moviereview
1397	Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	joy	moviereview
1398	A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	joy	moviereview
1399	Seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .	joy	moviereview
1400	Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate French comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amlie .	joy	moviereview
1401	The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative -LRB- and sometimes illegal -RRB- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	joy	moviereview
1402	Even if you do n't think -LRB- Kissinger 's -RRB- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	anticipation	moviereview
1403	The story and structure are well-honed .	joy	moviereview
1404	Fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .	joy	moviereview
1405	It 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .	joy	moviereview
1406	It just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	joy	moviereview
1407	Funny but perilously slight .	joy	moviereview
1408	Overall very good for what it 's trying to do .	joy	moviereview
1409	Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power .	joy	moviereview
1410	Ramsay , as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	trust	moviereview
1411	It may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	noemotion	moviereview
1412	A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures .	joy	moviereview
1413	It proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	joy	moviereview
1414	The Son 's Room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	joy	moviereview
1415	Morton uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	joy	moviereview
1416	The film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine	joy	moviereview
1417	A superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	joy	moviereview
1418	One of the smartest takes on singles culture I 've seen in a long time .	joy	moviereview
1419	There is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	joy	moviereview
1420	CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .	joy	moviereview
1421	The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	joy	moviereview
1422	Holy mad maniac in a mask , Splat-Man !	joy	moviereview
1423	Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	joy	moviereview
1424	As unseemly as its title suggests .	disgust	moviereview
1425	The French are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the Americans , who have a passion for Musketeers , only to spoof them .	joy	moviereview
1426	The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	joy	moviereview
1427	It 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	joy	moviereview
1428	Allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	joy	moviereview
1429	Maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .	disgust	moviereview
1430	It has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	surprise	moviereview
1431	Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	joy	moviereview
1432	Nothing is black and white .	noemotion	moviereview
1433	It 's a charming and often affecting journey .	joy	moviereview
1434	No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .	joy	moviereview
1435	A poignant and compelling story about relationships , Food of Love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .	joy	moviereview
1436	The Chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .	joy	moviereview
1437	Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	joy	moviereview
1438	Aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	joy	moviereview
1439	Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .	surprise	moviereview
1440	It confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .	joy	moviereview
1441	Vera 's three actors -- Moll , Gil and Bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .	joy	moviereview
1442	A marvel like none you 've seen .	joy	moviereview
1443	With tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .	surprise	moviereview
1444	Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ?	joy	moviereview
1445	should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .	joy	moviereview
1446	Writer/director Mark Romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in America .	joy	moviereview
1447	It 's a scathing portrayal .	disgust	moviereview
1448	This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .	joy	moviereview
1449	The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .	joy	moviereview
1450	The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .	joy	moviereview
1451	Moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	joy	moviereview
1452	Not a film to rival To Live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .	joy	moviereview
1453	True tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	joy	moviereview
1454	Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	joy	moviereview
1455	MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	joy	moviereview
1456	What Time Is It There ?	noemotion	moviereview
1457	is not easy .	noemotion	moviereview
1458	It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	fear	moviereview
1459	if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .	joy	moviereview
1460	Although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there 's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun .	joy	moviereview
1461	Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .	noemotion	moviereview
1462	For movie lovers as well as opera lovers , Tosca is a real treat .	joy	moviereview
1463	Unflinchingly bleak and desperate	disgust	moviereview
1464	Moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	sadness	moviereview
1465	Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .	joy	moviereview
1466	But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	disgust	moviereview
1467	The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	joy	moviereview
1468	A painfully funny ode to bad behavior .	joy	moviereview
1469	` Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '	joy	moviereview
1470	Charles ' entertaining film chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	joy	moviereview
1471	That dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	joy	moviereview
1472	The movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .	joy	moviereview
1473	The volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance .	joy	moviereview
1474	A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work .	joy	moviereview
1475	Michael Gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	joy	moviereview
1476	A strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	joy	moviereview
1477	Candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	joy	moviereview
1478	Open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .	joy	moviereview
1479	Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first .	joy	moviereview
1480	... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .	joy	moviereview
1481	The film is powerful , accessible and funny .	joy	moviereview
1482	You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .	joy	moviereview
1483	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	surprise	moviereview
1484	If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	joy	moviereview
1485	The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .	joy	moviereview
1486	It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	fear	moviereview
1487	It is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .	joy	moviereview
1488	A gorgeous , high-spirited musical from India that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .	joy	moviereview
1489	It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .	joy	moviereview
1490	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .	joy	moviereview
1491	Despite the 2-D animation , The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	surprise	moviereview
1492	... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .	joy	moviereview
1493	-LRB- Majidi -RRB- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .	fear	moviereview
1494	Though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	joy	moviereview
1495	I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but I 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe .	surprise	moviereview
1496	Immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	joy	moviereview
1497	Further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya 's Axis of Evil .	joy	moviereview
1498	There 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	joy	moviereview
1499	A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	noemotion	moviereview
1500	Lovely and poignant .	joy	moviereview
1501	Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .	joy	moviereview
1502	I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .	joy	moviereview
1503	Displaying about equal amounts of naivet , passion and talent , Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .	anticipation	moviereview
1504	The vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	joy	moviereview
1505	Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	joy	moviereview
1506	We learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .	noemotion	moviereview
1507	If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change .	sadness	moviereview
1508	But it still jingles in the pocket .	noemotion	moviereview
1509	It 's fun lite .	joy	moviereview
1510	Passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	sadness	moviereview
1511	I just loved every minute of this film .	joy	moviereview
1512	This is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	joy	moviereview
1513	Just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	joy	moviereview
1514	My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own Hollywood remake .	joy	moviereview
1515	It will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .	joy	moviereview
1516	A muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .	disgust	moviereview
1517	A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .	joy	moviereview
1518	Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .	joy	moviereview
1519	An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	joy	moviereview
1520	A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .	joy	moviereview
1521	While locals will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .	joy	moviereview
1522	Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	sadness	moviereview
1523	If you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	joy	moviereview
1524	Few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	joy	moviereview
1525	Corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .	joy	moviereview
1526	It 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .	joy	moviereview
1527	At all .	noemotion	moviereview
1528	While it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it 's alarmingly current .	surprise	moviereview
1529	Feature debuter D.J. Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	joy	moviereview
1530	Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	noemotion	moviereview
1531	Harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	sadness	moviereview
1532	Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	joy	moviereview
1533	Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	joy	moviereview
1534	The movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	joy	moviereview
1535	The film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	joy	moviereview
1536	This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	joy	moviereview
1537	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises	joy	moviereview
1538	Trademark American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	joy	moviereview
1539	One from the heart .	joy	moviereview
1540	More concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions .	noemotion	moviereview
1541	The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -LRB- Quills -RRB- did by showing them .	joy	moviereview
1542	An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	joy	moviereview
1543	While Undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .	joy	moviereview
1544	The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years .	joy	moviereview
1545	The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -LRB- and -RRB- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	joy	moviereview
1546	It 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .	joy	moviereview
1547	Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences .	joy	moviereview
1548	Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image .	surprise	moviereview
1549	A woman 's pic directed with resonance by Ilya Chaiken .	joy	moviereview
1550	-LRB- Grant 's -RRB- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .	joy	moviereview
1551	... Brian De Palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .	joy	moviereview
1552	It 's a beautiful madness .	joy	moviereview
1553	Generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .	joy	moviereview
1554	There are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	joy	moviereview
1555	A grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .	joy	moviereview
1556	Escaping the studio , Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	joy	moviereview
1557	Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .	joy	moviereview
1558	A gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .	joy	moviereview
1559	The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .	joy	moviereview
1560	On the heels of The Ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .	anticipation	moviereview
1561	With Rabbit-Proof Fence , Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	joy	moviereview
1562	-LRB- A -RRB- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s .	joy	moviereview
1563	Preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	anticipation	moviereview
1564	Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .	joy	moviereview
1565	Birthday Girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .	joy	moviereview
1566	More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	joy	moviereview
1567	An appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .	joy	moviereview
1568	Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	joy	moviereview
1569	The draw -LRB- for `` Big Bad Love '' -RRB- is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .	joy	moviereview
1570	It gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .	joy	moviereview
1571	The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	joy	moviereview
1572	Cool ?	noemotion	moviereview
1573	This movie is a snow emergency .	noemotion	moviereview
1574	Like Mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .	noemotion	moviereview
1575	It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	joy	moviereview
1576	Smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .	joy	moviereview
1577	Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	joy	moviereview
1578	A mess when it comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .	joy	moviereview
1579	Drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	surprise	moviereview
1580	Zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .	joy	moviereview
1581	A solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	joy	moviereview
1582	If you 're in the mood for a Bollywood film , here 's one for you .	noemotion	moviereview
1583	As the two leads , Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .	joy	moviereview
1584	A beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in Iran .	joy	moviereview
1585	My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	joy	moviereview
1586	Kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	noemotion	moviereview
1587	The sort of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	joy	moviereview
1588	First-time writer-director Serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .	joy	moviereview
1589	It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	joy	moviereview
1590	Atom Egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	joy	moviereview
1591	essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of Aliens .	joy	moviereview
1592	` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	joy	moviereview
1593	The whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	noemotion	moviereview
1594	While its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	joy	moviereview
1595	Hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	joy	moviereview
1596	Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	joy	moviereview
1597	It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	joy	moviereview
1598	If you 've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .	noemotion	moviereview
1599	Exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	joy	moviereview
1600	Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	joy	moviereview
1601	What the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	joy	moviereview
1602	If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	joy	moviereview
1603	The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	joy	moviereview
1604	This film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	joy	moviereview
1605	Another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	joy	moviereview
1606	A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	joy	moviereview
1607	A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	joy	moviereview
1608	Viewers of `` The Ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	disgust	moviereview
1609	A delightful coming-of-age story .	joy	moviereview
1610	One of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .	joy	moviereview
1611	An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	joy	moviereview
1612	A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	joy	moviereview
1613	Jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .	noemotion	moviereview
1614	Despite its title , Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .	joy	moviereview
1615	The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	joy	moviereview
1616	There 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl .	joy	moviereview
1617	Likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .	joy	moviereview
1618	Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	joy	moviereview
1619	... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .	joy	moviereview
1620	A good piece of work more often than not .	joy	moviereview
1621	The movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	joy	moviereview
1622	What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	surprise	moviereview
1623	Smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	joy	moviereview
1624	Nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	joy	moviereview
1625	The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge .	joy	moviereview
1626	A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .	joy	moviereview
1627	Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	joy	moviereview
1628	So , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi .	joy	moviereview
1629	If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .	joy	moviereview
1630	`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .	joy	moviereview
1631	It 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .	joy	moviereview
1632	A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .	joy	moviereview
1633	Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .	joy	moviereview
1634	A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	joy	moviereview
1635	It 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	joy	moviereview
1636	A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .	anticipation	moviereview
1637	A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	joy	moviereview
1638	A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners : Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	joy	moviereview
1639	Its maker , Steven Spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping Indiana Jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	joy	moviereview
1640	Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .	joy	moviereview
1641	It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .	joy	moviereview
1642	The movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .	joy	moviereview
1643	Brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .	joy	moviereview
1644	This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams .	surprise	moviereview
1645	The next generation of mob movie .	joy	moviereview
1646	Part low rent Godfather .	noemotion	moviereview
1647	Part Three Stooges .	noemotion	moviereview
1648	Lan Yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree .	noemotion	moviereview
1649	A thinly veiled look at different aspects of Chinese life clashing with each other .	noemotion	moviereview
1650	Light years / several warp speeds / levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection .	joy	moviereview
1651	Which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .	noemotion	moviereview
1652	If this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then The Grey Zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	joy	moviereview
1653	The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on Imax it seems better , not just bigger .	joy	moviereview
1654	A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	joy	moviereview
1655	The piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	joy	moviereview
1656	The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	joy	moviereview
1657	Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .	anticipation	moviereview
1658	Director Andrew Niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	joy	moviereview
1659	His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	joy	moviereview
1660	About a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	joy	moviereview
1661	This is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	joy	moviereview
1662	An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .	joy	moviereview
1663	Majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	joy	moviereview
1664	Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .	joy	moviereview
1665	The minor figures surrounding -LRB- Bobby -RRB- ... form a gritty urban mosaic .	noemotion	moviereview
1666	This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .	joy	moviereview
1667	It 's a demented kitsch mess -LRB- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -RRB- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	joy	moviereview
1668	There is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	noemotion	moviereview
1669	All-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .	joy	moviereview
1670	An interesting story with a pertinent -LRB- cinematically unique -RRB- message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''	joy	moviereview
1671	A movie with a real anarchic flair .	joy	moviereview
1672	A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	joy	moviereview
1673	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .	joy	moviereview
1674	It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	joy	moviereview
1675	Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	sadness	moviereview
1676	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	joy	moviereview
1677	-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	joy	moviereview
1678	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	joy	moviereview
1679	The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	joy	moviereview
1680	It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	disgust	moviereview
1681	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	joy	moviereview
1682	`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	joy	moviereview
1683	I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	joy	moviereview
1684	For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	joy	moviereview
1685	What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	joy	moviereview
1686	Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail	disgust	moviereview
1687	An absurdist spider web .	noemotion	moviereview
1688	If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	joy	moviereview
1689	This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	joy	moviereview
1690	Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	noemotion	moviereview
1691	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	joy	moviereview
1692	Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	joy	moviereview
1693	It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .	joy	moviereview
1694	This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	joy	moviereview
1695	More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	joy	moviereview
1696	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	joy	moviereview
1697	With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	joy	moviereview
1698	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	joy	moviereview
1699	Certainly the performances are worthwhile .	joy	moviereview
1700	Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	joy	moviereview
1701	Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	joy	moviereview
1702	Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	joy	moviereview
1703	Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	joy	moviereview
1704	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	joy	moviereview
1705	Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	joy	moviereview
1706	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	joy	moviereview
1707	By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	joy	moviereview
1708	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	joy	moviereview
1709	A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	joy	moviereview
1710	High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	joy	moviereview
1711	If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	joy	moviereview
1712	I will be .	noemotion	moviereview
1713	It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	joy	moviereview
1714	The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	disgust	moviereview
1715	It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	joy	moviereview
1716	Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	joy	moviereview
1717	Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .	disgust	moviereview
1718	Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	noemotion	moviereview
1719	She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	joy	moviereview
1720	One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	joy	moviereview
1721	The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	joy	moviereview
1722	Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	anticipation	moviereview
1723	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .	anticipation	moviereview
1724	Familiar but utterly delightful .	joy	moviereview
1725	A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	joy	moviereview
1726	The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	joy	moviereview
1727	The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	joy	moviereview
1728	The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	joy	moviereview
1729	While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	joy	moviereview
1730	As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	joy	moviereview
1731	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	joy	moviereview
1732	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .	joy	moviereview
1733	From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .	joy	moviereview
1734	Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	joy	moviereview
1735	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	anticipation	moviereview
1736	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .	joy	moviereview
1737	Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	other	moviereview
1738	Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	noemotion	moviereview
1739	The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	joy	moviereview
1740	imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor	noemotion	moviereview
1741	Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .	joy	moviereview
1742	It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	joy	moviereview
1743	It 's not a great monster movie .	sadness	moviereview
1744	But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .	joy	moviereview
1745	Chomp chomp !	noemotion	moviereview
1746	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	sadness	moviereview
1747	Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	joy	moviereview
1748	Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	joy	moviereview
1749	Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	noemotion	moviereview
1750	It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	joy	moviereview
1751	Writer/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	joy	moviereview
1752	A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	noemotion	moviereview
1753	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	joy	moviereview
1754	The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	joy	moviereview
1755	What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	joy	moviereview
1756	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .	joy	moviereview
1757	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	joy	moviereview
1758	By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	joy	moviereview
1759	... very funny , very enjoyable ...	joy	moviereview
1760	Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	joy	moviereview
1761	So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .	joy	moviereview
1762	Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	joy	moviereview
1763	It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	joy	moviereview
1764	The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .	joy	moviereview
1765	Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .	joy	moviereview
1766	If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	joy	moviereview
1767	Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	joy	moviereview
1768	Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	joy	moviereview
1769	Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	joy	moviereview
1770	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	joy	moviereview
1771	The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .	joy	moviereview
1772	A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	joy	moviereview
1773	What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	joy	moviereview
1774	Duvall is strong as always .	joy	moviereview
1775	A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	joy	moviereview
1776	You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	joy	moviereview
1777	Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	joy	moviereview
1778	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	joy	moviereview
1779	An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	joy	moviereview
1780	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	joy	moviereview
1781	It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	joy	moviereview
1782	Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	surprise	moviereview
1783	Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	anticipation	moviereview
1784	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	joy	moviereview
1785	A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	joy	moviereview
1786	A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	joy	moviereview
1787	It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	joy	moviereview
1788	A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	joy	moviereview
1789	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	joy	moviereview
1790	The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	anticipation	moviereview
1791	The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .	joy	moviereview
1792	This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	joy	moviereview
1793	Poignant and delicately complex .	joy	moviereview
1794	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	joy	moviereview
1795	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	joy	moviereview
1796	In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	noemotion	moviereview
1797	Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	joy	moviereview
1798	Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	noemotion	moviereview
1799	If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	joy	moviereview
1800	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	sadness	moviereview
1801	The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
1802	It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	joy	moviereview
1803	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	joy	moviereview
1804	... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	noemotion	moviereview
1805	It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .	joy	moviereview
1806	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .	joy	moviereview
1807	Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .	joy	moviereview
1808	Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .	joy	moviereview
1809	With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	joy	moviereview
1810	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .	joy	moviereview
1811	Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?	noemotion	moviereview
1812	Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	anticipation	moviereview
1813	A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .	joy	moviereview
1814	As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .	joy	moviereview
1815	It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	noemotion	moviereview
1816	Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .	noemotion	moviereview
1817	What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .	joy	moviereview
1818	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	joy	moviereview
1819	Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	joy	moviereview
1820	The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	joy	moviereview
1821	K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	surprise	moviereview
1822	It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	joy	moviereview
1823	Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .	joy	moviereview
1824	It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	joy	moviereview
1825	... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	disgust	moviereview
1826	Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .	joy	moviereview
1827	Cho 's timing is priceless .	joy	moviereview
1828	... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .	joy	moviereview
1829	A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	joy	moviereview
1830	An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	surprise	moviereview
1831	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	joy	moviereview
1832	-LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	joy	moviereview
1833	there is truth here	noemotion	moviereview
1834	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	joy	moviereview
1835	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	joy	moviereview
1836	Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	joy	moviereview
1837	The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .	joy	moviereview
1838	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	joy	moviereview
1839	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	joy	moviereview
1840	Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	joy	moviereview
1841	... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	joy	moviereview
1842	This movie got me grinning .	joy	moviereview
1843	There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	joy	moviereview
1844	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	joy	moviereview
1845	What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	joy	moviereview
1846	This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	joy	moviereview
1847	The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	joy	moviereview
1848	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	noemotion	moviereview
1849	There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .	disgust	moviereview
1850	Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .	joy	moviereview
1851	Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .	disgust	moviereview
1852	A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	anticipation	moviereview
1853	Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	joy	moviereview
1854	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	joy	moviereview
1855	In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	disgust	moviereview
1856	... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
1857	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	joy	moviereview
1858	Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
1859	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	sadness	moviereview
1860	Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	sadness	moviereview
1861	Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	joy	moviereview
1862	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	joy	moviereview
1863	Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	joy	moviereview
1864	Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	joy	moviereview
1865	It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	sadness	moviereview
1866	I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	joy	moviereview
1867	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .	joy	moviereview
1868	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .	joy	moviereview
1869	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .	joy	moviereview
1870	Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	joy	moviereview
1871	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	joy	moviereview
1872	Schtte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	sadness	moviereview
1873	A slick , engrossing melodrama .	joy	moviereview
1874	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	joy	moviereview
1875	It 's a quirky , off-beat project .	joy	moviereview
1876	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	noemotion	moviereview
1877	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	joy	moviereview
1878	The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	joy	moviereview
1879	Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	noemotion	moviereview
1880	Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .	anticipation	moviereview
1881	It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	joy	moviereview
1882	It is definitely worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
1883	An impeccable study in perversity .	joy	moviereview
1884	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	joy	moviereview
1885	A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	joy	moviereview
1886	Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	joy	moviereview
1887	Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	joy	moviereview
1888	A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .	surprise	moviereview
1889	The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	joy	moviereview
1890	The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .	sadness	moviereview
1891	A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	joy	moviereview
1892	It is also beautifully acted .	joy	moviereview
1893	It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	trust	moviereview
1894	Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	other	moviereview
1895	It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	joy	moviereview
1896	Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	joy	moviereview
1897	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	joy	moviereview
1898	The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	joy	moviereview
1899	The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	joy	moviereview
1900	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	joy	moviereview
1901	I liked this film a lot ...	joy	moviereview
1902	... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	joy	moviereview
1903	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	joy	moviereview
1904	Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	joy	moviereview
1905	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	joy	moviereview
1906	On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	joy	moviereview
1907	A weird , arresting little ride .	joy	moviereview
1908	A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .	disgust	moviereview
1909	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	noemotion	moviereview
1910	You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .	disgust	moviereview
1911	Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	joy	moviereview
1912	A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	joy	moviereview
1913	There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	joy	moviereview
1914	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	joy	moviereview
1915	Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	joy	moviereview
1916	In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	noemotion	moviereview
1917	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	joy	moviereview
1918	There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin	joy	moviereview
1919	Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	joy	moviereview
1920	Its sheer dynamism is infectious .	joy	moviereview
1921	For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	joy	moviereview
1922	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	joy	moviereview
1923	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	joy	moviereview
1924	` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	joy	moviereview
1925	It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	joy	moviereview
1926	The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	noemotion	moviereview
1927	The movie is well done , but slow .	joy	moviereview
1928	-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	joy	moviereview
1929	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	joy	moviereview
1930	The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	sadness	moviereview
1931	Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .	joy	moviereview
1932	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .	joy	moviereview
1933	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	joy	moviereview
1934	One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	joy	moviereview
1935	It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	joy	moviereview
1936	Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	surprise	moviereview
1937	The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .	joy	moviereview
1938	It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .	noemotion	moviereview
1939	This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	disgust	moviereview
1940	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	joy	moviereview
1941	High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .	trust	moviereview
1942	Cusack 's just brilliant in this .	joy	moviereview
1943	Knows how to make our imagination wonder .	joy	moviereview
1944	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	joy	moviereview
1945	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	joy	moviereview
1946	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	noemotion	moviereview
1947	Malcolm McDowell is cool .	joy	moviereview
1948	Paul Bettany is cool .	joy	moviereview
1949	Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	surprise	moviereview
1950	Cool .	noemotion	moviereview
1951	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	joy	moviereview
1952	... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	joy	moviereview
1953	An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	joy	moviereview
1954	It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	anticipation	moviereview
1955	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	joy	moviereview
1956	-LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	joy	moviereview
1957	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	joy	moviereview
1958	This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	joy	moviereview
1959	A captivating new film .	joy	moviereview
1960	Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	noemotion	moviereview
1961	It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	joy	moviereview
1962	Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	noemotion	moviereview
1963	It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	joy	moviereview
1964	With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .	joy	moviereview
1965	A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	joy	moviereview
1966	The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	joy	moviereview
1967	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .	joy	moviereview
1968	A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	joy	moviereview
1969	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	joy	moviereview
1970	Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	disgust	moviereview
1971	The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	joy	moviereview
1972	If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	joy	moviereview
1973	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .	joy	moviereview
1974	A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	joy	moviereview
1975	If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	joy	moviereview
1976	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	joy	moviereview
1977	There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	surprise	moviereview
1978	An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	joy	moviereview
1979	An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	joy	moviereview
1980	Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	joy	moviereview
1981	If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	joy	moviereview
1982	Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	joy	moviereview
1983	Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	joy	moviereview
1984	He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	joy	moviereview
1985	This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	joy	moviereview
1986	Poetry in motion captured on film .	joy	moviereview
1987	While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	joy	moviereview
1988	Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	joy	moviereview
1989	The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	joy	moviereview
1990	I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	joy	moviereview
1991	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	joy	moviereview
1992	Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	joy	moviereview
1993	Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	anger	moviereview
1994	But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	sadness	moviereview
1995	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	joy	moviereview
1996	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	joy	moviereview
1997	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	joy	moviereview
1998	The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	joy	moviereview
1999	Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	joy	moviereview
2000	Strange it is , but delightfully so .	surprise	moviereview
2001	Elegant , mannered and teasing .	joy	moviereview
2002	An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	joy	moviereview
2003	The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .	joy	moviereview
2004	Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .	noemotion	moviereview
2005	The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	joy	moviereview
2006	A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .	disgust	moviereview
2007	With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	joy	moviereview
2008	Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	joy	moviereview
2009	A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	joy	moviereview
2010	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	joy	moviereview
2011	The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	noemotion	moviereview
2012	Imperfect ?	noemotion	moviereview
2013	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	joy	moviereview
2014	You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .	joy	moviereview
2015	But not a whit more .	noemotion	moviereview
2016	What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	joy	moviereview
2017	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	surprise	moviereview
2018	As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	joy	moviereview
2019	This is a movie you can trust .	trust	moviereview
2020	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	joy	moviereview
2021	`` It 's all about the image . ''	noemotion	moviereview
2022	Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	joy	moviereview
2023	Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	joy	moviereview
2024	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .	sadness	moviereview
2025	A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	noemotion	moviereview
2026	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	joy	moviereview
2027	The film has several strong performances .	joy	moviereview
2028	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .	joy	moviereview
2029	Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	joy	moviereview
2030	The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .	surprise	moviereview
2031	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	joy	moviereview
2032	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	joy	moviereview
2033	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	joy	moviereview
2034	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	joy	moviereview
2035	Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	joy	moviereview
2036	Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .	joy	moviereview
2037	The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .	joy	moviereview
2038	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	joy	moviereview
2039	It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	joy	moviereview
2040	Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	joy	moviereview
2041	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .	joy	moviereview
2042	Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	joy	moviereview
2043	Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	noemotion	moviereview
2044	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	joy	moviereview
2045	The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	surprise	moviereview
2046	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	joy	moviereview
2047	Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	disgust	moviereview
2048	Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	joy	moviereview
2049	As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	disgust	moviereview
2050	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	joy	moviereview
2051	This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	joy	moviereview
2052	This beautifully animated epic is never dull .	joy	moviereview
2053	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	joy	moviereview
2054	It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	joy	moviereview
2055	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	joy	moviereview
2056	Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	joy	moviereview
2057	What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .	noemotion	moviereview
2058	But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	joy	moviereview
2059	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	joy	moviereview
2060	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	joy	moviereview
2061	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	joy	moviereview
2062	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	disgust	moviereview
2063	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	joy	moviereview
2064	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	joy	moviereview
2065	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
2066	The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	disgust	moviereview
2067	Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	joy	moviereview
2068	Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	disgust	moviereview
2069	The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	joy	moviereview
2070	A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	disgust	moviereview
2071	The performances are remarkable .	joy	moviereview
2072	It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	disgust	moviereview
2073	As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	joy	moviereview
2074	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	anticipation	moviereview
2075	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	joy	moviereview
2076	Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	joy	moviereview
2077	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	joy	moviereview
2078	Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	fear	moviereview
2079	The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	noemotion	moviereview
2080	Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	joy	moviereview
2081	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	joy	moviereview
2082	Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	disgust	moviereview
2083	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	joy	moviereview
2084	The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	joy	moviereview
2085	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	joy	moviereview
2086	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	joy	moviereview
2087	The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	joy	moviereview
2088	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .	joy	moviereview
2089	is one of this year 's very best pictures .	joy	moviereview
2090	What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .	joy	moviereview
2091	Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	joy	moviereview
2092	Even the digressions are funny .	joy	moviereview
2093	Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	trust	moviereview
2094	And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	joy	moviereview
2095	Melodrama with a message .	joy	moviereview
2096	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	joy	moviereview
2097	Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	joy	moviereview
2098	At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	joy	moviereview
2099	Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	joy	moviereview
2100	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	disgust	moviereview
2101	Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	joy	moviereview
2102	A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	joy	moviereview
2103	Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	joy	moviereview
2104	Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	joy	moviereview
2105	... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .	joy	moviereview
2106	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	joy	moviereview
2107	Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	joy	moviereview
2108	Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	joy	moviereview
2109	Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	joy	moviereview
2110	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .	joy	moviereview
2111	This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	joy	moviereview
2112	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	joy	moviereview
2113	The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	joy	moviereview
2114	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	joy	moviereview
2115	This story still seems timely and important .	trust	moviereview
2116	And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .	sadness	moviereview
2117	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	joy	moviereview
2118	The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	joy	moviereview
2119	This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	joy	moviereview
2120	There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .	joy	moviereview
2121	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	joy	moviereview
2122	But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	joy	moviereview
2123	Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	joy	moviereview
2124	`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .	joy	moviereview
2125	By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	noemotion	moviereview
2126	The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .	joy	moviereview
2127	Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	joy	moviereview
2128	This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .	joy	moviereview
2129	A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	joy	moviereview
2130	As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	surprise	moviereview
2131	Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	joy	moviereview
2132	A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .	noemotion	moviereview
2133	For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	joy	moviereview
2134	By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	joy	moviereview
2135	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .	joy	moviereview
2136	-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	sadness	moviereview
2137	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	disgust	moviereview
2138	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	joy	moviereview
2139	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	disgust	moviereview
2140	The entire cast is extraordinarily good .	joy	moviereview
2141	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	joy	moviereview
2142	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	joy	moviereview
2143	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	anticipation	moviereview
2144	The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	joy	moviereview
2145	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	joy	moviereview
2146	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	joy	moviereview
2147	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	joy	moviereview
2148	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	fear	moviereview
2149	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	joy	moviereview
2150	While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	joy	moviereview
2151	A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	joy	moviereview
2152	E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	joy	moviereview
2153	Helps to remind the First World that HIV/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .	anger	moviereview
2154	A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	joy	moviereview
2155	The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	joy	moviereview
2156	Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	joy	moviereview
2157	It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	joy	moviereview
2158	Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .	joy	moviereview
2159	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	joy	moviereview
2160	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	joy	moviereview
2161	Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .	surprise	moviereview
2162	But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	joy	moviereview
2163	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	joy	moviereview
2164	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	joy	moviereview
2165	This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''	noemotion	moviereview
2166	Sweet and memorable film .	joy	moviereview
2167	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	joy	moviereview
2168	Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	joy	moviereview
2169	... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	joy	moviereview
2170	Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .	joy	moviereview
2171	` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	joy	moviereview
2172	Cynics need not apply . '	disgust	moviereview
2173	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
2174	`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .	joy	moviereview
2175	An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	disgust	moviereview
2176	But it is entertaining on an inferior level .	disgust	moviereview
2177	It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	noemotion	moviereview
2178	Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	joy	moviereview
2179	Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	joy	moviereview
2180	As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	noemotion	moviereview
2181	On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	joy	moviereview
2182	As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	joy	moviereview
2183	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan Jos Campanella 's reputation in the United States .	joy	moviereview
2184	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	joy	moviereview
2185	Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	joy	moviereview
2186	A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	disgust	moviereview
2187	A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	joy	moviereview
2188	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	joy	moviereview
2189	... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	joy	moviereview
2190	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .	joy	moviereview
2191	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	joy	moviereview
2192	The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	joy	moviereview
2193	It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	joy	moviereview
2194	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .	other	moviereview
2195	A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .	disgust	moviereview
2196	It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .	joy	moviereview
2197	Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	joy	moviereview
2198	A three-hour cinema master class .	joy	moviereview
2199	Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .	noemotion	moviereview
2200	A witty , whimsical feature debut .	joy	moviereview
2201	Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	joy	moviereview
2202	I loved this film .	joy	moviereview
2203	It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .	sadness	moviereview
2204	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	joy	moviereview
2205	A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	joy	moviereview
2206	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	joy	moviereview
2207	Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	noemotion	moviereview
2208	Go .	noemotion	moviereview
2209	Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	joy	moviereview
2210	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .	joy	moviereview
2211	By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	fear	moviereview
2212	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	disgust	moviereview
2213	While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	joy	moviereview
2214	A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	joy	moviereview
2215	Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	joy	moviereview
2216	An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	joy	moviereview
2217	Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	sadness	moviereview
2218	There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.	joy	moviereview
2219	Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	joy	moviereview
2220	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	disgust	moviereview
2221	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .	surprise	moviereview
2222	The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	noemotion	moviereview
2223	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .	sadness	moviereview
2224	Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a ** holes .	joy	moviereview
2225	That Storytelling has value can not be denied .	joy	moviereview
2226	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	joy	moviereview
2227	Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	noemotion	moviereview
2228	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .	joy	moviereview
2229	A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	joy	moviereview
2230	The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	joy	moviereview
2231	In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	noemotion	moviereview
2232	As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	joy	moviereview
2233	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	noemotion	moviereview
2234	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .	disgust	moviereview
2235	The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .	joy	moviereview
2236	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	joy	moviereview
2237	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	joy	moviereview
2238	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .	joy	moviereview
2239	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	joy	moviereview
2240	Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	joy	moviereview
2241	It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .	noemotion	moviereview
2242	A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	joy	moviereview
2243	A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	disgust	moviereview
2244	I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	anticipation	moviereview
2245	A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	disgust	moviereview
2246	Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	noemotion	moviereview
2247	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .	joy	moviereview
2248	A quiet , disquieting triumph .	joy	moviereview
2249	Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	joy	moviereview
2250	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	joy	moviereview
2251	If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	disgust	moviereview
2252	There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	joy	moviereview
2253	The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	joy	moviereview
2254	A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	joy	moviereview
2255	At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	disgust	moviereview
2256	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	joy	moviereview
2257	Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	joy	moviereview
2258	That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	disgust	moviereview
2259	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	joy	moviereview
2260	The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	joy	moviereview
2261	Norton holds the film together .	noemotion	moviereview
2262	-LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .	joy	moviereview
2263	You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .	noemotion	moviereview
2264	A creaky staircase gothic .	noemotion	moviereview
2265	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	joy	moviereview
2266	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	joy	moviereview
2267	Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .	joy	moviereview
2268	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .	joy	moviereview
2269	Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	joy	moviereview
2270	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	joy	moviereview
2271	Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	disgust	moviereview
2272	Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	noemotion	moviereview
2273	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	joy	moviereview
2274	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	joy	moviereview
2275	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	joy	moviereview
2276	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .	joy	moviereview
2277	Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	joy	moviereview
2278	Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	joy	moviereview
2279	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	joy	moviereview
2280	It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .	joy	moviereview
2281	... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	disgust	moviereview
2282	The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	joy	moviereview
2283	It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	joy	moviereview
2284	This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .	joy	moviereview
2285	What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	joy	moviereview
2286	It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	joy	moviereview
2287	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	joy	moviereview
2288	Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .	joy	moviereview
2289	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	joy	moviereview
2290	You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .	joy	moviereview
2291	It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	joy	moviereview
2292	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	joy	moviereview
2293	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	disgust	moviereview
2294	Sometimes shorter is better .	noemotion	moviereview
2295	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	noemotion	moviereview
2296	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	joy	moviereview
2297	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	joy	moviereview
2298	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	joy	moviereview
2299	Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	noemotion	moviereview
2300	Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .	joy	moviereview
2301	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	joy	moviereview
2302	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	joy	moviereview
2303	Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?	joy	moviereview
2304	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	joy	moviereview
2305	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	trust	moviereview
2306	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .	sadness	moviereview
2307	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	noemotion	moviereview
2308	The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .	joy	moviereview
2309	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	joy	moviereview
2310	Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	sadness	moviereview
2311	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	joy	moviereview
2312	Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	joy	moviereview
2313	... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?	anticipation	moviereview
2314	You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	joy	moviereview
2315	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	joy	moviereview
2316	Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	joy	moviereview
2317	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	joy	moviereview
2318	Surprisingly powerful and universal .	joy	moviereview
2319	Apart from its own considerable achievement , Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the anim tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .	joy	moviereview
2320	I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .	disgust	moviereview
2321	Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	joy	moviereview
2322	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	joy	moviereview
2323	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	joy	moviereview
2324	It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	joy	moviereview
2325	This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .	joy	moviereview
2326	it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	joy	moviereview
2327	Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	trust	moviereview
2328	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	joy	moviereview
2329	An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	sadness	moviereview
2330	Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .	joy	moviereview
2331	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .	joy	moviereview
2332	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	joy	moviereview
2333	Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .	joy	moviereview
2334	Pray has really done his subject justice .	joy	moviereview
2335	An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	joy	moviereview
2336	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	joy	moviereview
2337	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	joy	moviereview
2338	Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	noemotion	moviereview
2339	- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	joy	moviereview
2340	Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	joy	moviereview
2341	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	joy	moviereview
2342	Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	surprise	moviereview
2343	But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	anticipation	moviereview
2344	Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	noemotion	moviereview
2345	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	fear	moviereview
2346	Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	joy	moviereview
2347	What results is the best performance from either in years .	joy	moviereview
2348	The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	joy	moviereview
2349	Bart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	joy	moviereview
2350	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .	joy	moviereview
2351	Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	joy	moviereview
2352	Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	noemotion	moviereview
2353	But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	noemotion	moviereview
2354	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	joy	moviereview
2355	Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .	joy	moviereview
2356	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	anticipation	moviereview
2357	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .	joy	moviereview
2358	Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .	joy	moviereview
2359	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .	joy	moviereview
2360	The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	joy	moviereview
2361	The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	joy	moviereview
2362	The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	joy	moviereview
2363	Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	sadness	moviereview
2364	Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	joy	moviereview
2365	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	joy	moviereview
2366	A taut , sobering film .	sadness	moviereview
2367	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	joy	moviereview
2368	It s full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .	joy	moviereview
2369	The results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .	noemotion	moviereview
2370	A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	joy	moviereview
2371	Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .	joy	moviereview
2372	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .	joy	moviereview
2373	You live the mood rather than savour the story .	noemotion	moviereview
2374	Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	joy	moviereview
2375	While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	joy	moviereview
2376	While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	disgust	moviereview
2377	Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	joy	moviereview
2378	The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	joy	moviereview
2379	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	disgust	moviereview
2380	`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''	joy	moviereview
2381	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .	joy	moviereview
2382	Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	joy	moviereview
2383	There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	disgust	moviereview
2384	Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	joy	moviereview
2385	But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	joy	moviereview
2386	Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	noemotion	moviereview
2387	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	joy	moviereview
2388	While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .	joy	moviereview
2389	Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	joy	moviereview
2390	This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .	joy	moviereview
2391	Amazing !	joy	moviereview
2392	A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	joy	moviereview
2393	The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	joy	moviereview
2394	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .	joy	moviereview
2395	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	joy	moviereview
2396	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .	joy	moviereview
2397	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
2398	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	joy	moviereview
2399	A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	joy	moviereview
2400	It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	noemotion	moviereview
2401	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	joy	moviereview
2402	One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .	joy	moviereview
2403	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	joy	moviereview
2404	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	joy	moviereview
2405	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .	joy	moviereview
2406	Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	sadness	moviereview
2407	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .	joy	moviereview
2408	The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .	joy	moviereview
2409	For those who are intrigued by politics of the 70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	joy	moviereview
2410	All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	joy	moviereview
2411	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .	joy	moviereview
2412	It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	joy	moviereview
2413	The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	joy	moviereview
2414	It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	joy	moviereview
2415	You just know something terrible is going to happen .	fear	moviereview
2416	But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	surprise	moviereview
2417	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	joy	moviereview
2418	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	joy	moviereview
2419	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	noemotion	moviereview
2420	A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !	joy	moviereview
2421	Who knew ...	noemotion	moviereview
2422	It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	joy	moviereview
2423	Gently humorous and touching .	joy	moviereview
2424	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	joy	moviereview
2425	Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	joy	moviereview
2426	The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	joy	moviereview
2427	... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	disgust	moviereview
2428	The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	surprise	moviereview
2429	Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .	joy	moviereview
2430	A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	joy	moviereview
2431	You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .	joy	moviereview
2432	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	joy	moviereview
2433	That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .	anticipation	moviereview
2434	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	joy	moviereview
2435	After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	joy	moviereview
2436	In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	joy	moviereview
2437	Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .	joy	moviereview
2438	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .	joy	moviereview
2439	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .	joy	moviereview
2440	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	joy	moviereview
2441	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	joy	moviereview
2442	Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects	disgust	moviereview
2443	Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	joy	moviereview
2444	For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	joy	moviereview
2445	A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	joy	moviereview
2446	Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	joy	moviereview
2447	Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	joy	moviereview
2448	A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	joy	moviereview
2449	Makes one thing abundantly clear .	noemotion	moviereview
2450	American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .	joy	moviereview
2451	Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	joy	moviereview
2452	If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	joy	moviereview
2453	In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	joy	moviereview
2454	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	joy	moviereview
2455	The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	joy	moviereview
2456	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .	joy	moviereview
2457	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	joy	moviereview
2458	It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	joy	moviereview
2459	At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	joy	moviereview
2460	A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	joy	moviereview
2461	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .	joy	moviereview
2462	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	joy	moviereview
2463	Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''	noemotion	moviereview
2464	... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	joy	moviereview
2465	It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	surprise	moviereview
2466	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	joy	moviereview
2467	-LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	joy	moviereview
2468	These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	joy	moviereview
2469	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	joy	moviereview
2470	It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	noemotion	moviereview
2471	The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	joy	moviereview
2472	This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	joy	moviereview
2473	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	disgust	moviereview
2474	Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	noemotion	moviereview
2475	He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	joy	moviereview
2476	Twist open the Ouzo !	noemotion	moviereview
2477	It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	noemotion	moviereview
2478	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	joy	moviereview
2479	Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	joy	moviereview
2480	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	joy	moviereview
2481	While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	joy	moviereview
2482	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	disgust	moviereview
2483	If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	joy	moviereview
2484	It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	joy	moviereview
2485	The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space	joy	moviereview
2486	Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '	other	moviereview
2487	... a solid , well-formed satire .	joy	moviereview
2488	As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	sadness	moviereview
2489	Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	anticipation	moviereview
2490	Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	joy	moviereview
2491	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	joy	moviereview
2492	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	joy	moviereview
2493	Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	joy	moviereview
2494	Thanks to The Chteau 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	joy	moviereview
2495	Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	joy	moviereview
2496	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	joy	moviereview
2497	The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .	joy	moviereview
2498	It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	joy	moviereview
2499	An awfully good , achingly human picture .	joy	moviereview
2500	The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .	joy	moviereview
2501	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	joy	moviereview
2502	Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	joy	moviereview
2503	The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	disgust	moviereview
2504	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	joy	moviereview
2505	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	joy	moviereview
2506	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	joy	moviereview
2507	Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	joy	moviereview
2508	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	joy	moviereview
2509	When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	joy	moviereview
2510	Very well-written and very well-acted .	joy	moviereview
2511	A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	joy	moviereview
2512	You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	disgust	moviereview
2513	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .	joy	moviereview
2514	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	joy	moviereview
2515	Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .	fear	moviereview
2516	Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	joy	moviereview
2517	... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	joy	moviereview
2518	It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	joy	moviereview
2519	Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	joy	moviereview
2520	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	joy	moviereview
2521	Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	joy	moviereview
2522	A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	joy	moviereview
2523	As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	surprise	moviereview
2524	The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	joy	moviereview
2525	It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	joy	moviereview
2526	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .	fear	moviereview
2527	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	joy	moviereview
2528	A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...	joy	moviereview
2529	Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	joy	moviereview
2530	Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	joy	moviereview
2531	The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .	joy	moviereview
2532	With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .	joy	moviereview
2533	Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	noemotion	moviereview
2534	Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	joy	moviereview
2535	-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .	joy	moviereview
2536	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .	anticipation	moviereview
2537	Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	joy	moviereview
2538	It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	joy	moviereview
2539	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .	surprise	moviereview
2540	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	joy	moviereview
2541	A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	joy	moviereview
2542	The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	joy	moviereview
2543	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	joy	moviereview
2544	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '	joy	moviereview
2545	... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	joy	moviereview
2546	A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	disgust	moviereview
2547	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .	joy	moviereview
2548	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	joy	moviereview
2549	With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .	noemotion	moviereview
2550	A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	disgust	moviereview
2551	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	disgust	moviereview
2552	For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	noemotion	moviereview
2553	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	joy	moviereview
2554	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	joy	moviereview
2555	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	fear	moviereview
2556	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	joy	moviereview
2557	Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	joy	moviereview
2558	Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buuel 's casings	disgust	moviereview
2559	` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '	joy	moviereview
2560	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	joy	moviereview
2561	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	joy	moviereview
2562	The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
2563	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .	joy	moviereview
2564	Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .	joy	moviereview
2565	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	joy	moviereview
2566	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .	joy	moviereview
2567	Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	joy	moviereview
2568	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	joy	moviereview
2569	After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .	joy	moviereview
2570	The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	surprise	moviereview
2571	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .	joy	moviereview
2572	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	joy	moviereview
2573	Enticing and often funny documentary .	joy	moviereview
2574	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .	joy	moviereview
2575	A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	fear	moviereview
2576	Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '	noemotion	moviereview
2577	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	joy	moviereview
2578	At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	joy	moviereview
2579	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	joy	moviereview
2580	Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	joy	moviereview
2581	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	joy	moviereview
2582	Hard , endearing , caring , warm .	joy	moviereview
2583	Bring tissues .	sadness	moviereview
2584	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	joy	moviereview
2585	`` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .	joy	moviereview
2586	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	joy	moviereview
2587	Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	trust	moviereview
2588	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	joy	moviereview
2589	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	joy	moviereview
2590	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	anticipation	moviereview
2591	I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .	surprise	moviereview
2592	A classy , sprightly spin on film .	joy	moviereview
2593	fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten	joy	moviereview
2594	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	joy	moviereview
2595	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	joy	moviereview
2596	Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	joy	moviereview
2597	A moving , if uneven , success .	joy	moviereview
2598	With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .	disgust	moviereview
2599	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	joy	moviereview
2600	There 's plenty to impress about E.T.	joy	moviereview
2601	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	joy	moviereview
2602	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	joy	moviereview
2603	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .	joy	moviereview
2604	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	disgust	moviereview
2605	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	joy	moviereview
2606	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	joy	moviereview
2607	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	joy	moviereview
2608	The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	joy	moviereview
2609	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	joy	moviereview
2610	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .	joy	moviereview
2611	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	joy	moviereview
2612	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	joy	moviereview
2613	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	joy	moviereview
2614	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .	joy	moviereview
2615	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	joy	moviereview
2616	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	noemotion	moviereview
2617	At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	disgust	moviereview
2618	Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	joy	moviereview
2619	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	joy	moviereview
2620	Otherwise , maybe .	noemotion	moviereview
2621	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	joy	moviereview
2622	Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	noemotion	moviereview
2623	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	joy	moviereview
2624	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .	joy	moviereview
2625	Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	joy	moviereview
2626	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	joy	moviereview
2627	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	joy	moviereview
2628	Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	noemotion	moviereview
2629	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	surprise	moviereview
2630	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	surprise	moviereview
2631	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	joy	moviereview
2632	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	joy	moviereview
2633	Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	joy	moviereview
2634	-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .	joy	moviereview
2635	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	disgust	moviereview
2636	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .	joy	moviereview
2637	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	joy	moviereview
2638	Worth a look as a curiosity .	anticipation	moviereview
2639	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	surprise	moviereview
2640	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	joy	moviereview
2641	Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .	noemotion	moviereview
2642	Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	sadness	moviereview
2643	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	joy	moviereview
2644	For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	joy	moviereview
2645	If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .	disgust	moviereview
2646	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	joy	moviereview
2647	The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	joy	moviereview
2648	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	joy	moviereview
2649	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	noemotion	moviereview
2650	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	sadness	moviereview
2651	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .	joy	moviereview
2652	There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	joy	moviereview
2653	The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	noemotion	moviereview
2654	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	joy	moviereview
2655	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	joy	moviereview
2656	The movie is brilliant , really .	joy	moviereview
2657	It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	noemotion	moviereview
2658	It 's stylishly directed with verve ...	joy	moviereview
2659	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .	joy	moviereview
2660	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .	joy	moviereview
2661	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .	joy	moviereview
2662	See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	joy	moviereview
2663	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .	joy	moviereview
2664	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	joy	moviereview
2665	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	joy	moviereview
2666	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	disgust	moviereview
2667	It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	joy	moviereview
2668	In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	joy	moviereview
2669	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	joy	moviereview
2670	Lead actress Ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	joy	moviereview
2671	Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !	joy	moviereview
2672	... a light , yet engrossing piece .	joy	moviereview
2673	Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	joy	moviereview
2674	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	joy	moviereview
2675	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .	joy	moviereview
2676	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	joy	moviereview
2677	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .	joy	moviereview
2678	Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	joy	moviereview
2679	K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	joy	moviereview
2680	It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	joy	moviereview
2681	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	joy	moviereview
2682	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	disgust	moviereview
2683	Visually striking and viscerally repellent .	disgust	moviereview
2684	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	joy	moviereview
2685	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	joy	moviereview
2686	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	joy	moviereview
2687	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .	joy	moviereview
2688	Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	joy	moviereview
2689	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	joy	moviereview
2690	Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	joy	moviereview
2691	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	joy	moviereview
2692	A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	noemotion	moviereview
2693	Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	joy	moviereview
2694	Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	joy	moviereview
2695	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .	noemotion	moviereview
2696	Slight but enjoyable documentary .	joy	moviereview
2697	` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '	joy	moviereview
2698	Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	disgust	moviereview
2699	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	joy	moviereview
2700	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	joy	moviereview
2701	The heat of the moment prevails .	noemotion	moviereview
2702	It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	noemotion	moviereview
2703	A riveting story well told .	joy	moviereview
2704	Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	noemotion	moviereview
2705	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	joy	moviereview
2706	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	surprise	moviereview
2707	Pretty good little movie .	joy	moviereview
2708	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	joy	moviereview
2709	If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .	joy	moviereview
2710	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	joy	moviereview
2711	-LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .	joy	moviereview
2712	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	joy	moviereview
2713	Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .	joy	moviereview
2714	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Bttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	joy	moviereview
2715	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	joy	moviereview
2716	It 's a masterpeice .	joy	moviereview
2717	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	joy	moviereview
2718	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	joy	moviereview
2719	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	joy	moviereview
2720	Yes , it 's as good as you remember .	joy	moviereview
2721	In fact , even better .	joy	moviereview
2722	Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	joy	moviereview
2723	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	disgust	moviereview
2724	This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	fear	moviereview
2725	A stirring road movie .	joy	moviereview
2726	One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	joy	moviereview
2727	Insanely hilarious !	joy	moviereview
2728	I have n't laughed that hard in years !	joy	moviereview
2729	Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	anger	moviereview
2730	These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .	joy	moviereview
2731	It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	joy	moviereview
2732	It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	noemotion	moviereview
2733	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .	joy	moviereview
2734	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	joy	moviereview
2735	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	joy	moviereview
2736	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .	joy	moviereview
2737	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	joy	moviereview
2738	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	joy	moviereview
2739	Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment	joy	moviereview
2740	But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	disgust	moviereview
2741	Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	joy	moviereview
2742	Star/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	joy	moviereview
2743	A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	joy	moviereview
2744	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	joy	moviereview
2745	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	surprise	moviereview
2746	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	joy	moviereview
2747	While Guzmn frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .	joy	moviereview
2748	... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .	fear	moviereview
2749	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	joy	moviereview
2750	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	joy	moviereview
2751	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	joy	moviereview
2752	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .	joy	moviereview
2753	It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	joy	moviereview
2754	Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	anticipation	moviereview
2755	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	joy	moviereview
2756	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	joy	moviereview
2757	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .	joy	moviereview
2758	There are moments of hilarity to be had .	joy	moviereview
2759	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	sadness	moviereview
2760	-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	noemotion	moviereview
2761	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	joy	moviereview
2762	Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	joy	moviereview
2763	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	joy	moviereview
2764	Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .	joy	moviereview
2765	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	joy	moviereview
2766	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	joy	moviereview
2767	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	joy	moviereview
2768	A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	joy	moviereview
2769	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .	joy	moviereview
2770	Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	sadness	moviereview
2771	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .	joy	moviereview
2772	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	disgust	moviereview
2773	But it does have one saving grace .	joy	moviereview
2774	A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .	noemotion	moviereview
2775	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	joy	moviereview
2776	At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	joy	moviereview
2777	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .	joy	moviereview
2778	The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	joy	moviereview
2779	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	joy	moviereview
2780	Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	joy	moviereview
2781	Acting can not be acted .	noemotion	moviereview
2782	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	joy	moviereview
2783	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	joy	moviereview
2784	It 's a cool event for the whole family .	joy	moviereview
2785	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	joy	moviereview
2786	The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	disgust	moviereview
2787	A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	joy	moviereview
2788	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	noemotion	moviereview
2789	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	joy	moviereview
2790	I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	disgust	moviereview
2791	But I do .	noemotion	moviereview
2792	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .	joy	moviereview
2793	Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	joy	moviereview
2794	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !	joy	moviereview
2795	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	joy	moviereview
2796	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	joy	moviereview
2797	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .	joy	moviereview
2798	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	joy	moviereview
2799	Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	joy	moviereview
2800	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	joy	moviereview
2801	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	joy	moviereview
2802	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	joy	moviereview
2803	This is a superior horror flick .	joy	moviereview
2804	Adaptation is simply brilliant .	joy	moviereview
2805	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .	joy	moviereview
2806	The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	joy	moviereview
2807	We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	anticipation	moviereview
2808	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	noemotion	moviereview
2809	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .	joy	moviereview
2810	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	joy	moviereview
2811	It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	surprise	moviereview
2812	One of the best rock documentaries ever .	joy	moviereview
2813	Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	joy	moviereview
2814	Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon	joy	moviereview
2815	Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	joy	moviereview
2816	Ah , what the hell .	noemotion	moviereview
2817	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	joy	moviereview
2818	A portrait of an artist .	noemotion	moviereview
2819	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	joy	moviereview
2820	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	noemotion	moviereview
2821	A tremendous piece of work .	joy	moviereview
2822	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	joy	moviereview
2823	While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	joy	moviereview
2824	LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	joy	moviereview
2825	Something for everyone .	noemotion	moviereview
2826	Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	joy	moviereview
2827	There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	joy	moviereview
2828	Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	joy	moviereview
2829	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	fear	moviereview
2830	` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '	joy	moviereview
2831	A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichs and showcases a group of dedicated artists .	joy	moviereview
2832	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	noemotion	moviereview
2833	It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	noemotion	moviereview
2834	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	disgust	moviereview
2835	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	surprise	moviereview
2836	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?	joy	moviereview
2837	In a word : No. .	noemotion	moviereview
2838	Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .	joy	moviereview
2839	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	joy	moviereview
2840	There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .	joy	moviereview
2841	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .	joy	moviereview
2842	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	joy	moviereview
2843	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	joy	moviereview
2844	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	joy	moviereview
2845	Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	sadness	moviereview
2846	Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	joy	moviereview
2847	Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .	anger	moviereview
2848	The performances are uniformly good .	joy	moviereview
2849	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .	joy	moviereview
2850	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	joy	moviereview
2851	For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	joy	moviereview
2852	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .	joy	moviereview
2853	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	joy	moviereview
2854	It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	joy	moviereview
2855	A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	joy	moviereview
2856	Has its share of arresting images .	joy	moviereview
2857	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	joy	moviereview
2858	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	joy	moviereview
2859	A smart little indie .	joy	moviereview
2860	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	joy	moviereview
2861	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	joy	moviereview
2862	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .	joy	moviereview
2863	Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	disgust	moviereview
2864	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .	sadness	moviereview
2865	I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	joy	moviereview
2866	The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	joy	moviereview
2867	With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .	joy	moviereview
2868	It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	joy	moviereview
2869	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .	joy	moviereview
2870	If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .	surprise	moviereview
2871	Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	joy	moviereview
2872	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	joy	moviereview
2873	Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	joy	moviereview
2874	Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	joy	moviereview
2875	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .	joy	moviereview
2876	The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	sadness	moviereview
2877	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	joy	moviereview
2878	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	anticipation	moviereview
2879	Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	sadness	moviereview
2880	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	sadness	moviereview
2881	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	joy	moviereview
2882	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	joy	moviereview
2883	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	joy	moviereview
2884	It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	noemotion	moviereview
2885	Why ?	noemotion	moviereview
2886	Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .	joy	moviereview
2887	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	joy	moviereview
2888	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	joy	moviereview
2889	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	joy	moviereview
2890	After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	joy	moviereview
2891	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	noemotion	moviereview
2892	This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .	joy	moviereview
2893	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .	joy	moviereview
2894	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	joy	moviereview
2895	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	joy	moviereview
2896	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	joy	moviereview
2897	The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	joy	moviereview
2898	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	joy	moviereview
2899	Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	joy	moviereview
2900	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	noemotion	moviereview
2901	A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	noemotion	moviereview
2902	Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	joy	moviereview
2903	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	anger	moviereview
2904	The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	joy	moviereview
2905	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	joy	moviereview
2906	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	joy	moviereview
2907	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	joy	moviereview
2908	Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	joy	moviereview
2909	Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	noemotion	moviereview
2910	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .	joy	moviereview
2911	-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	noemotion	moviereview
2912	But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	joy	moviereview
2913	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .	joy	moviereview
2914	In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .	joy	moviereview
2915	His work with actors is particularly impressive .	joy	moviereview
2916	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	joy	moviereview
2917	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	joy	moviereview
2918	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	joy	moviereview
2919	Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	joy	moviereview
2920	Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	joy	moviereview
2921	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	joy	moviereview
2922	Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	joy	moviereview
2923	Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	fear	moviereview
2924	... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .	joy	moviereview
2925	Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .	joy	moviereview
2926	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .	joy	moviereview
2927	Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	joy	moviereview
2928	Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .	noemotion	moviereview
2929	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	joy	moviereview
2930	Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	joy	moviereview
2931	Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	anticipation	moviereview
2932	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	joy	moviereview
2933	But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	disgust	moviereview
2934	This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	joy	moviereview
2935	-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	joy	moviereview
2936	It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	disgust	moviereview
2937	While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .	joy	moviereview
2938	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .	joy	moviereview
2939	Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	noemotion	moviereview
2940	Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .	joy	moviereview
2941	Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	joy	moviereview
2942	It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	joy	moviereview
2943	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	joy	moviereview
2944	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	joy	moviereview
2945	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	joy	moviereview
2946	The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	joy	moviereview
2947	The film is full of charm .	joy	moviereview
2948	The movie is well crafted , and well executed .	joy	moviereview
2949	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .	joy	moviereview
2950	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	joy	moviereview
2951	... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .	sadness	moviereview
2952	He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	joy	moviereview
2953	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	joy	moviereview
2954	It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	joy	moviereview
2955	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	joy	moviereview
2956	This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	surprise	moviereview
2957	Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	joy	moviereview
2958	It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	sadness	moviereview
2959	A slight but sweet film .	joy	moviereview
2960	Writer/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	joy	moviereview
2961	It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	joy	moviereview
2962	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .	surprise	moviereview
2963	Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	surprise	moviereview
2964	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	joy	moviereview
2965	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	joy	moviereview
2966	Chances are you wo n't , either .	noemotion	moviereview
2967	George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	joy	moviereview
2968	Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	noemotion	moviereview
2969	An extraordinary dramatic experience .	joy	moviereview
2970	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	joy	moviereview
2971	That , in itself , is extraordinary .	surprise	moviereview
2972	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .	joy	moviereview
2973	It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .	joy	moviereview
2974	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	joy	moviereview
2975	Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	noemotion	moviereview
2976	It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	joy	moviereview
2977	Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	joy	moviereview
2978	It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	disgust	moviereview
2979	Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	noemotion	moviereview
2980	The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	joy	moviereview
2981	The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .	joy	moviereview
2982	If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .	sadness	moviereview
2983	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	joy	moviereview
2984	Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	joy	moviereview
2985	This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	joy	moviereview
2986	I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	joy	moviereview
2987	Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	joy	moviereview
2988	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	noemotion	moviereview
2989	This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	joy	moviereview
2990	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .	noemotion	moviereview
2991	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	joy	moviereview
2992	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	noemotion	moviereview
2993	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	joy	moviereview
2994	Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...	joy	moviereview
2995	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	joy	moviereview
2996	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	joy	moviereview
2997	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	joy	moviereview
2998	Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	joy	moviereview
2999	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	disgust	moviereview
3000	The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	joy	moviereview
3001	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	joy	moviereview
3002	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	joy	moviereview
3003	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	joy	moviereview
3004	On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .	joy	moviereview
3005	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	joy	moviereview
3006	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	joy	moviereview
3007	A beautifully observed character piece .	joy	moviereview
3008	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	noemotion	moviereview
3009	It is quite a vision .	joy	moviereview
3010	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	joy	moviereview
3011	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	joy	moviereview
3012	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	sadness	moviereview
3013	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .	joy	moviereview
3014	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	joy	moviereview
3015	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .	joy	moviereview
3016	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	joy	moviereview
3017	Strange and beautiful film .	joy	moviereview
3018	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .	joy	moviereview
3019	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	sadness	moviereview
3020	... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	joy	moviereview
3021	... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	joy	moviereview
3022	Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	joy	moviereview
3023	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	joy	moviereview
3024	Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .	joy	moviereview
3025	Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .	joy	moviereview
3026	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	noemotion	moviereview
3027	At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	joy	moviereview
3028	May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .	anticipation	moviereview
3029	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	joy	moviereview
3030	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .	noemotion	moviereview
3031	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	joy	moviereview
3032	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	disgust	moviereview
3033	It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	joy	moviereview
3034	You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '	joy	moviereview
3035	And it is .	noemotion	moviereview
3036	Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .	joy	moviereview
3037	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	trust	moviereview
3038	Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	fear	moviereview
3039	A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	sadness	moviereview
3040	Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	joy	moviereview
3041	Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	joy	moviereview
3042	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	joy	moviereview
3043	If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	noemotion	moviereview
3044	The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does	joy	moviereview
3045	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	disgust	moviereview
3046	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	sadness	moviereview
3047	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	fear	moviereview
3048	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	joy	moviereview
3049	Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .	joy	moviereview
3050	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...	joy	moviereview
3051	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .	anticipation	moviereview
3052	She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	joy	moviereview
3053	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .	joy	moviereview
3054	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	noemotion	moviereview
3055	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .	joy	moviereview
3056	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	joy	moviereview
3057	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	joy	moviereview
3058	The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	joy	moviereview
3059	Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .	joy	moviereview
3060	He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	joy	moviereview
3061	What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	joy	moviereview
3062	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	joy	moviereview
3063	With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	joy	moviereview
3064	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	joy	moviereview
3065	The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	joy	moviereview
3066	Will you go ape over this movie ?	noemotion	moviereview
3067	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	joy	moviereview
3068	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	joy	moviereview
3069	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	joy	moviereview
3070	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	joy	moviereview
3071	This movie is to be cherished .	joy	moviereview
3072	... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .	joy	moviereview
3073	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .	joy	moviereview
3074	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	joy	moviereview
3075	Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .	joy	moviereview
3076	This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .	joy	moviereview
3077	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	disgust	moviereview
3078	This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	noemotion	moviereview
3079	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	joy	moviereview
3080	The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	noemotion	moviereview
3081	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	joy	moviereview
3082	Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	joy	moviereview
3083	There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...	joy	moviereview
3084	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	joy	moviereview
3085	This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	joy	moviereview
3086	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	joy	moviereview
3087	A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	joy	moviereview
3088	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	joy	moviereview
3089	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	joy	moviereview
3090	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	sadness	moviereview
3091	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
3092	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	joy	moviereview
3093	Got a David Lynch jones ?	noemotion	moviereview
3094	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...	joy	moviereview
3095	Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	surprise	moviereview
3096	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	disgust	moviereview
3097	It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	noemotion	moviereview
3098	Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	noemotion	moviereview
3099	One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	joy	moviereview
3100	Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	surprise	moviereview
3101	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	joy	moviereview
3102	The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	joy	moviereview
3103	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	joy	moviereview
3104	` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .	disgust	moviereview
3105	You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	joy	moviereview
3106	A chick flick for guys .	noemotion	moviereview
3107	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	joy	moviereview
3108	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	noemotion	moviereview
3109	The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	noemotion	moviereview
3110	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .	joy	moviereview
3111	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	joy	moviereview
3112	Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	sadness	moviereview
3113	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	joy	moviereview
3114	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	joy	moviereview
3115	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	joy	moviereview
3116	It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	anticipation	moviereview
3117	What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	joy	moviereview
3118	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	joy	moviereview
3119	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	joy	moviereview
3120	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	joy	moviereview
3121	The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	joy	moviereview
3122	A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	surprise	moviereview
3123	So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .	joy	moviereview
3124	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	noemotion	moviereview
3125	Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	disgust	moviereview
3126	... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .	joy	moviereview
3127	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .	joy	moviereview
3128	A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .	joy	moviereview
3129	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	noemotion	moviereview
3130	Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	joy	moviereview
3131	Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	joy	moviereview
3132	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	joy	moviereview
3133	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	joy	moviereview
3134	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	joy	moviereview
3135	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	joy	moviereview
3136	About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .	joy	moviereview
3137	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	joy	moviereview
3138	The film is a fierce dance of destruction .	noemotion	moviereview
3139	Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	joy	moviereview
3140	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	joy	moviereview
3141	... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .	joy	moviereview
3142	You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	joy	moviereview
3143	Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	joy	moviereview
3144	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer	noemotion	moviereview
3145	A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .	joy	moviereview
3146	Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	joy	moviereview
3147	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	noemotion	moviereview
3148	It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
3149	Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	joy	moviereview
3150	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	joy	moviereview
3151	Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	joy	moviereview
3152	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	joy	moviereview
3153	It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .	joy	moviereview
3154	A very capable nailbiter .	anticipation	moviereview
3155	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .	joy	moviereview
3156	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	disgust	moviereview
3157	It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	disgust	moviereview
3158	You do n't want to call the cops .	noemotion	moviereview
3159	You want to call Domino 's .	noemotion	moviereview
3160	What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	joy	moviereview
3161	The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	joy	moviereview
3162	Secretary is just too original to be ignored .	joy	moviereview
3163	That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	joy	moviereview
3164	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	joy	moviereview
3165	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	sadness	moviereview
3166	And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	joy	moviereview
3167	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	joy	moviereview
3168	Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .	noemotion	moviereview
3169	B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .	noemotion	moviereview
3170	This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	surprise	moviereview
3171	In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	joy	moviereview
3172	With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin , the true wonder of Rintar 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .	joy	moviereview
3173	A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	joy	moviereview
3174	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .	joy	moviereview
3175	Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	joy	moviereview
3176	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	noemotion	moviereview
3177	It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	joy	moviereview
3178	The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	joy	moviereview
3179	A tone poem of transgression .	sadness	moviereview
3180	Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .	disgust	moviereview
3181	Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	joy	moviereview
3182	Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	joy	moviereview
3183	This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .	noemotion	moviereview
3184	Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .	joy	moviereview
3185	There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	joy	moviereview
3186	Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	surprise	moviereview
3187	The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	disgust	moviereview
3188	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	joy	moviereview
3189	The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	joy	moviereview
3190	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	joy	moviereview
3191	It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	joy	moviereview
3192	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	joy	moviereview
3193	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .	surprise	moviereview
3194	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	joy	moviereview
3195	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .	joy	moviereview
3196	Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	joy	moviereview
3197	This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .	joy	moviereview
3198	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	joy	moviereview
3199	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .	joy	moviereview
3200	The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	joy	moviereview
3201	A flawed but engrossing thriller .	noemotion	moviereview
3202	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
3203	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	joy	moviereview
3204	The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	joy	moviereview
3205	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	joy	moviereview
3206	Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .	joy	moviereview
3207	What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	joy	moviereview
3208	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	joy	moviereview
3209	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	joy	moviereview
3210	The film grows on you .	joy	moviereview
3211	And how .	noemotion	moviereview
3212	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	joy	moviereview
3213	Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	disgust	moviereview
3214	As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	surprise	moviereview
3215	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	surprise	moviereview
3216	The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	joy	moviereview
3217	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .	joy	moviereview
3218	My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .	joy	moviereview
3219	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	joy	moviereview
3220	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	joy	moviereview
3221	Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	joy	moviereview
3222	A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	joy	moviereview
3223	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	joy	moviereview
3224	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .	joy	moviereview
3225	This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .	joy	moviereview
3226	I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	noemotion	moviereview
3227	While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	joy	moviereview
3228	An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	joy	moviereview
3229	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	surprise	moviereview
3230	It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	joy	moviereview
3231	It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	joy	moviereview
3232	It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	joy	moviereview
3233	`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	joy	moviereview
3234	Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	joy	moviereview
3235	I like this movie a lot .	joy	moviereview
3236	I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	joy	moviereview
3237	... the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .	noemotion	moviereview
3238	` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '	joy	moviereview
3239	Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	joy	moviereview
3240	I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .	joy	moviereview
3241	What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	joy	moviereview
3242	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .	noemotion	moviereview
3243	For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .	joy	moviereview
3244	What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	joy	moviereview
3245	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	joy	moviereview
3246	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	joy	moviereview
3247	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .	joy	moviereview
3248	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	joy	moviereview
3249	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .	joy	moviereview
3250	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	joy	moviereview
3251	Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .	joy	moviereview
3252	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	joy	moviereview
3253	Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .	joy	moviereview
3254	Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	joy	moviereview
3255	It does give you a peek .	noemotion	moviereview
3256	The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	anticipation	moviereview
3257	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .	joy	moviereview
3258	A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	joy	moviereview
3259	Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	joy	moviereview
3260	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	joy	moviereview
3261	Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	joy	moviereview
3262	Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	joy	moviereview
3263	The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	joy	moviereview
3264	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	joy	moviereview
3265	This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	joy	moviereview
3266	An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .	surprise	moviereview
3267	Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .	joy	moviereview
3268	Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	joy	moviereview
3269	At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	joy	moviereview
3270	The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	joy	moviereview
3271	With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .	joy	moviereview
3272	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	joy	moviereview
3273	A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	joy	moviereview
3274	It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...	joy	moviereview
3275	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	joy	moviereview
3276	A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .	joy	moviereview
3277	A chilling movie without oppressive gore .	joy	moviereview
3278	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	disgust	moviereview
3279	If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .	joy	moviereview
3280	Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	anticipation	moviereview
3281	The Ring never lets you off the hook .	joy	moviereview
3282	Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	joy	moviereview
3283	At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	joy	moviereview
3284	If you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	joy	moviereview
3285	Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	joy	moviereview
3286	It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	disgust	moviereview
3287	It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .	joy	moviereview
3288	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	joy	moviereview
3289	This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	joy	moviereview
3290	Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .	joy	moviereview
3291	It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .	joy	moviereview
3292	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	noemotion	moviereview
3293	The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	joy	moviereview
3294	Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	noemotion	moviereview
3295	One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .	joy	moviereview
3296	Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	joy	moviereview
3297	About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	trust	moviereview
3298	Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	joy	moviereview
3299	Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .	noemotion	moviereview
3300	Every child 's story is what matters .	noemotion	moviereview
3301	This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	joy	moviereview
3302	A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	joy	moviereview
3303	Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	sadness	moviereview
3304	Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	joy	moviereview
3305	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	sadness	moviereview
3306	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	joy	moviereview
3307	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	joy	moviereview
3308	A charmer from Belgium .	noemotion	moviereview
3309	A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	joy	moviereview
3310	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	joy	moviereview
3311	Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .	joy	moviereview
3312	With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .	joy	moviereview
3313	It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .	joy	moviereview
3314	It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	joy	moviereview
3315	Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	noemotion	moviereview
3316	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	joy	moviereview
3317	-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	joy	moviereview
3318	The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	joy	moviereview
3319	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	noemotion	moviereview
3320	The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	joy	moviereview
3321	It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .	noemotion	moviereview
3322	It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	joy	moviereview
3323	While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .	joy	moviereview
3324	Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .	joy	moviereview
3325	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	joy	moviereview
3326	What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .	disgust	moviereview
3327	... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	joy	moviereview
3328	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	surprise	moviereview
3329	Films are made of little moments .	noemotion	moviereview
3330	Changing Lanes tries for more .	noemotion	moviereview
3331	It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	joy	moviereview
3332	When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	joy	moviereview
3333	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	joy	moviereview
3334	Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	joy	moviereview
3335	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .	joy	moviereview
3336	-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	joy	moviereview
3337	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	joy	moviereview
3338	At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	joy	moviereview
3339	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	joy	moviereview
3340	10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	anticipation	moviereview
3341	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	joy	moviereview
3342	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	joy	moviereview
3343	Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	joy	moviereview
3344	As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	joy	moviereview
3345	The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '	joy	moviereview
3346	Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .	joy	moviereview
3347	With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .	disgust	moviereview
3348	With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .	joy	moviereview
3349	As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	surprise	moviereview
3350	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	joy	moviereview
3351	Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	noemotion	moviereview
3352	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	joy	moviereview
3353	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	joy	moviereview
3354	A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	joy	moviereview
3355	Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	noemotion	moviereview
3356	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	joy	moviereview
3357	I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	joy	moviereview
3358	It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	joy	moviereview
3359	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	joy	moviereview
3360	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	joy	moviereview
3361	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	joy	moviereview
3362	Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	noemotion	moviereview
3363	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	joy	moviereview
3364	If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	joy	moviereview
3365	Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !	joy	moviereview
3366	Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .	joy	moviereview
3367	`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	joy	moviereview
3368	If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	joy	moviereview
3369	If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	noemotion	moviereview
3370	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	disgust	moviereview
3371	The movie is a trove of delights .	joy	moviereview
3372	Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	joy	moviereview
3373	In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	joy	moviereview
3374	While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	surprise	moviereview
3375	Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	joy	moviereview
3376	Who cares ? -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
3377	An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...	joy	moviereview
3378	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	fear	moviereview
3379	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	joy	moviereview
3380	Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	anticipation	moviereview
3381	Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
3382	For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	joy	moviereview
3383	As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	surprise	moviereview
3384	This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	joy	moviereview
3385	Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .	joy	moviereview
3386	You 'll end up moved .	noemotion	moviereview
3387	If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	joy	moviereview
3388	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	joy	moviereview
3389	I loved the look of this film .	joy	moviereview
3390	Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	joy	moviereview
3391	Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	joy	moviereview
3392	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .	anticipation	moviereview
3393	The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	noemotion	moviereview
3394	Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	surprise	moviereview
3395	Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	joy	moviereview
3396	Some people want the ol ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .	noemotion	moviereview
3397	-LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .	joy	moviereview
3398	It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	joy	moviereview
3399	At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	joy	moviereview
3400	As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	joy	moviereview
3401	Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	joy	moviereview
3402	`` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''	noemotion	moviereview
3403	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	joy	moviereview
3404	An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	joy	moviereview
3405	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .	surprise	moviereview
3406	Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	noemotion	moviereview
3407	As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	joy	moviereview
3408	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	joy	moviereview
3409	On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	joy	moviereview
3410	It 's never dull and always looks good .	joy	moviereview
3411	The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	joy	moviereview
3412	As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	joy	moviereview
3413	With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .	joy	moviereview
3414	All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	joy	moviereview
3415	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	joy	moviereview
3416	With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	joy	moviereview
3417	One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	joy	moviereview
3418	One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	joy	moviereview
3419	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	surprise	moviereview
3420	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .	joy	moviereview
3421	A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	joy	moviereview
3422	Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
3423	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	surprise	moviereview
3424	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	joy	moviereview
3425	Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	joy	moviereview
3426	A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	sadness	moviereview
3427	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .	joy	moviereview
3428	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	joy	moviereview
3429	... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	joy	moviereview
3430	It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	noemotion	moviereview
3431	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	joy	moviereview
3432	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	joy	moviereview
3433	An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .	joy	moviereview
3434	Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	joy	moviereview
3435	It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	joy	moviereview
3436	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	joy	moviereview
3437	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	joy	moviereview
3438	A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .	joy	moviereview
3439	With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	joy	moviereview
3440	Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	joy	moviereview
3441	The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	joy	moviereview
3442	A smart , compelling drama .	joy	moviereview
3443	A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	joy	moviereview
3444	I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	joy	moviereview
3445	... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	noemotion	moviereview
3446	Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	joy	moviereview
3447	It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	disgust	moviereview
3448	Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	joy	moviereview
3449	As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	noemotion	moviereview
3450	Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	joy	moviereview
3451	Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .	joy	moviereview
3452	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	joy	moviereview
3453	I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	disgust	moviereview
3454	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	joy	moviereview
3455	Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	noemotion	moviereview
3456	If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .	joy	moviereview
3457	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	joy	moviereview
3458	A pleasing , often-funny comedy .	joy	moviereview
3459	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .	joy	moviereview
3460	All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	joy	moviereview
3461	An Asian neo-realist treasure .	noemotion	moviereview
3462	Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .	joy	moviereview
3463	It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	joy	moviereview
3464	... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	disgust	moviereview
3465	I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	joy	moviereview
3466	A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	joy	moviereview
3467	An original little film about one young woman 's education .	joy	moviereview
3468	The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .	noemotion	moviereview
3469	And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	joy	moviereview
3470	One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	joy	moviereview
3471	An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	joy	moviereview
3472	Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	joy	moviereview
3473	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	joy	moviereview
3474	Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	joy	moviereview
3475	It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	joy	moviereview
3476	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	joy	moviereview
3477	It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	joy	moviereview
3478	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	joy	moviereview
3479	The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	joy	moviereview
3480	Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Nss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .	joy	moviereview
3481	Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	joy	moviereview
3482	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	surprise	moviereview
3483	`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	joy	moviereview
3484	Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	joy	moviereview
3485	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	surprise	moviereview
3486	Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .	joy	moviereview
3487	... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .	joy	moviereview
3488	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	joy	moviereview
3489	While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	joy	moviereview
3490	Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	anticipation	moviereview
3491	As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	joy	moviereview
3492	Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	joy	moviereview
3493	You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	joy	moviereview
3494	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	surprise	moviereview
3495	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .	joy	moviereview
3496	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .	noemotion	moviereview
3497	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	disgust	moviereview
3498	What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .	joy	moviereview
3499	Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	noemotion	moviereview
3500	What 's left is a rich stew of longing .	sadness	moviereview
3501	It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	joy	moviereview
3502	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	joy	moviereview
3503	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	surprise	moviereview
3504	Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	joy	moviereview
3505	The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	joy	moviereview
3506	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	sadness	moviereview
3507	Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	joy	moviereview
3508	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	joy	moviereview
3509	Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	joy	moviereview
3510	A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	joy	moviereview
3511	This is SO De Palma .	noemotion	moviereview
3512	If you love him , you 'll like it .	joy	moviereview
3513	If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .	noemotion	moviereview
3514	Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	noemotion	moviereview
3515	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	sadness	moviereview
3516	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	noemotion	moviereview
3517	The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	joy	moviereview
3518	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	joy	moviereview
3519	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	joy	moviereview
3520	Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	joy	moviereview
3521	It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	fear	moviereview
3522	A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	noemotion	moviereview
3523	An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .	joy	moviereview
3524	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	joy	moviereview
3525	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .	joy	moviereview
3526	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	joy	moviereview
3527	You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .	joy	moviereview
3528	You could hate it for the same reason .	disgust	moviereview
3529	With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .	joy	moviereview
3530	` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	disgust	moviereview
3531	Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	joy	moviereview
3532	At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	joy	moviereview
3533	Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .	disgust	moviereview
3534	But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	joy	moviereview
3535	There is greatness here .	joy	moviereview
3536	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	joy	moviereview
3537	Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	joy	moviereview
3538	If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	joy	moviereview
3539	Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	surprise	moviereview
3540	`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	joy	moviereview
3541	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	joy	moviereview
3542	Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	noemotion	moviereview
3543	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	joy	moviereview
3544	In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	joy	moviereview
3545	She may not be real , but the laughs are .	joy	moviereview
3546	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	joy	moviereview
3547	OK arthouse .	noemotion	moviereview
3548	The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	surprise	moviereview
3549	The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .	joy	moviereview
3550	About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	joy	moviereview
3551	If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	joy	moviereview
3552	The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	joy	moviereview
3553	Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	joy	moviereview
3554	Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	noemotion	moviereview
3555	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	joy	moviereview
3556	For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	joy	moviereview
3557	An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	joy	moviereview
3558	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	joy	moviereview
3559	The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	joy	moviereview
3560	This is one of the year 's best films .	joy	moviereview
3561	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	joy	moviereview
3562	Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	joy	moviereview
3563	She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	joy	moviereview
3564	It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	joy	moviereview
3565	The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	joy	moviereview
3566	Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	joy	moviereview
3567	`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	joy	moviereview
3568	It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	noemotion	moviereview
3569	But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	joy	moviereview
3570	Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	joy	moviereview
3571	This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	joy	moviereview
3572	In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	joy	moviereview
3573	There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	disgust	moviereview
3574	A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .	joy	moviereview
3575	There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	joy	moviereview
3576	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	joy	moviereview
3577	Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	joy	moviereview
3578	Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	joy	moviereview
3579	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	surprise	moviereview
3580	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	noemotion	moviereview
3581	Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	sadness	moviereview
3582	It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	sadness	moviereview
3583	For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	joy	moviereview
3584	This is not an easy film .	sadness	moviereview
3585	But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	joy	moviereview
3586	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	joy	moviereview
3587	... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	joy	moviereview
3588	It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	joy	moviereview
3589	Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	joy	moviereview
3590	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .	joy	moviereview
3591	One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	joy	moviereview
3592	One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	joy	moviereview
3593	the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	disgust	moviereview
3594	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	joy	moviereview
3595	The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	noemotion	moviereview
3596	Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .	joy	moviereview
3597	So could young romantics out on a date .	noemotion	moviereview
3598	All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .	joy	moviereview
3599	The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .	noemotion	moviereview
3600	It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	joy	moviereview
3601	While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	noemotion	moviereview
3602	Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	joy	moviereview
3603	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	sadness	moviereview
3604	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	joy	moviereview
3605	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	joy	moviereview
3606	A charming but slight comedy .	joy	moviereview
3607	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	joy	moviereview
3608	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	joy	moviereview
3609	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .	joy	moviereview
3610	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	joy	moviereview
3611	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	joy	moviereview
3612	Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	joy	moviereview
3613	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	joy	moviereview
3614	The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	joy	moviereview
3615	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	joy	moviereview
3616	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	joy	moviereview
3617	Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .	noemotion	moviereview
3618	It is a movie about passion .	noemotion	moviereview
3619	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	joy	moviereview
3620	Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	joy	moviereview
3621	What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	joy	moviereview
3622	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	surprise	moviereview
3623	The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	joy	moviereview
3624	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	joy	moviereview
3625	It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	joy	moviereview
3626	Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	disgust	moviereview
3627	But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	joy	moviereview
3628	It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	joy	moviereview
3629	Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	joy	moviereview
3630	A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	surprise	moviereview
3631	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	joy	moviereview
3632	It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	joy	moviereview
3633	Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	joy	moviereview
3634	It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	joy	moviereview
3635	The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	sadness	moviereview
3636	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	joy	moviereview
3637	This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .	joy	moviereview
3638	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .	joy	moviereview
3639	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	joy	moviereview
3640	It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	joy	moviereview
3641	Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	joy	moviereview
3642	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .	joy	moviereview
3643	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .	other	moviereview
3644	Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	joy	moviereview
3645	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	joy	moviereview
3646	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	joy	moviereview
3647	Jackson is always watchable .	joy	moviereview
3648	To the degree that ivans xtc .	noemotion	moviereview
3649	works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .	joy	moviereview
3650	A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	joy	moviereview
3651	Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .	joy	moviereview
3652	Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	disgust	moviereview
3653	A. . .	noemotion	moviereview
3654	cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	noemotion	moviereview
3655	The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	joy	moviereview
3656	Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	joy	moviereview
3657	A dazzling dream of a documentary .	joy	moviereview
3658	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	anticipation	moviereview
3659	Brave and sweetly rendered love story .	joy	moviereview
3660	The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	joy	moviereview
3661	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	joy	moviereview
3662	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .	joy	moviereview
3663	If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	joy	moviereview
3664	The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	joy	moviereview
3665	Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	sadness	moviereview
3666	There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	joy	moviereview
3667	` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	joy	moviereview
3668	Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	noemotion	moviereview
3669	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	joy	moviereview
3670	What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	joy	moviereview
3671	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	joy	moviereview
3672	One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	joy	moviereview
3673	The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	joy	moviereview
3674	And Vin Diesel is the man .	noemotion	moviereview
3675	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	joy	moviereview
3676	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	surprise	moviereview
3677	Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	joy	moviereview
3678	The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	surprise	moviereview
3679	Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	joy	moviereview
3680	Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	joy	moviereview
3681	Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	joy	moviereview
3682	Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	joy	moviereview
3683	... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	disgust	moviereview
3684	Is truth stranger than fiction ?	noemotion	moviereview
3685	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	joy	moviereview
3686	For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	joy	moviereview
3687	Prepare to marvel again .	joy	moviereview
3688	A witty , low-key romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
3689	More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	joy	moviereview
3690	If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .	joy	moviereview
3691	Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	anticipation	moviereview
3692	Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	joy	moviereview
3693	Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	joy	moviereview
3694	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	joy	moviereview
3695	In other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study .	sadness	moviereview
3696	Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	joy	moviereview
3697	Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !	joy	moviereview
3698	C mon !	joy	moviereview
3699	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	joy	moviereview
3700	Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	joy	moviereview
3701	A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	joy	moviereview
3702	It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	sadness	moviereview
3703	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .	joy	moviereview
3704	It must be in the genes .	noemotion	moviereview
3705	The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	joy	moviereview
3706	This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .	joy	moviereview
3707	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	joy	moviereview
3708	Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey	joy	moviereview
3709	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	joy	moviereview
3710	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	joy	moviereview
3711	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	joy	moviereview
3712	Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	joy	moviereview
3713	It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	joy	moviereview
3714	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	joy	moviereview
3715	For 95 often hilarious minutes , -LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice .	joy	moviereview
3716	Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .	joy	moviereview
3717	Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	joy	moviereview
3718	Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	joy	moviereview
3719	Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	disgust	moviereview
3720	-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	joy	moviereview
3721	A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	joy	moviereview
3722	Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	joy	moviereview
3723	Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	joy	moviereview
3724	Hardly a film that comes along every day .	joy	moviereview
3725	A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .	joy	moviereview
3726	The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	sadness	moviereview
3727	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	joy	moviereview
3728	the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	joy	moviereview
3729	More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	joy	moviereview
3730	For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	joy	moviereview
3731	If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	anticipation	moviereview
3732	It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	joy	moviereview
3733	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	sadness	moviereview
3734	It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	noemotion	moviereview
3735	Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	joy	moviereview
3736	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	joy	moviereview
3737	A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	other	moviereview
3738	The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	noemotion	moviereview
3739	A winning and wildly fascinating work .	joy	moviereview
3740	We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	anticipation	moviereview
3741	Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	joy	moviereview
3742	The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	joy	moviereview
3743	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	joy	moviereview
3744	A meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''	noemotion	moviereview
3745	I love the robust middle of this picture .	joy	moviereview
3746	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	noemotion	moviereview
3747	Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	joy	moviereview
3748	There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	sadness	moviereview
3749	Paul Cox needed to show it .	noemotion	moviereview
3750	It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	noemotion	moviereview
3751	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	joy	moviereview
3752	If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	joy	moviereview
3753	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	joy	moviereview
3754	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	joy	moviereview
3755	An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	joy	moviereview
3756	Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .	noemotion	moviereview
3757	The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .	joy	moviereview
3758	Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '	noemotion	moviereview
3759	... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	disgust	moviereview
3760	Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	surprise	moviereview
3761	This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	joy	moviereview
3762	As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .	joy	moviereview
3763	It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	noemotion	moviereview
3764	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	fear	moviereview
3765	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	joy	moviereview
3766	It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .	surprise	moviereview
3767	Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	surprise	moviereview
3768	As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	anticipation	moviereview
3769	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .	joy	moviereview
3770	Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	joy	moviereview
3771	A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	joy	moviereview
3772	Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	joy	moviereview
3773	Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	joy	moviereview
3774	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	joy	moviereview
3775	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	joy	moviereview
3776	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	joy	moviereview
3777	Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	joy	moviereview
3778	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	joy	moviereview
3779	The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	disgust	moviereview
3780	More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...	anticipation	moviereview
3781	What I saw , I enjoyed .	joy	moviereview
3782	The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .	joy	moviereview
3783	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	joy	moviereview
3784	Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	joy	moviereview
3785	Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	joy	moviereview
3786	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .	joy	moviereview
3787	Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	joy	moviereview
3788	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	joy	moviereview
3789	Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	joy	moviereview
3790	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	noemotion	moviereview
3791	It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	joy	moviereview
3792	If only it had the story to match .	sadness	moviereview
3793	Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	joy	moviereview
3794	... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	joy	moviereview
3795	The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	joy	moviereview
3796	It 's quite diverting nonsense .	joy	moviereview
3797	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	fear	moviereview
3798	For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	joy	moviereview
3799	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	joy	moviereview
3800	Renner ?	noemotion	moviereview
3801	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .	joy	moviereview
3802	See it for his performance if nothing else .	noemotion	moviereview
3803	... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	joy	moviereview
3804	It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	joy	moviereview
3805	Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	joy	moviereview
3806	Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	joy	moviereview
3807	A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	joy	moviereview
3808	It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	joy	moviereview
3809	An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication .	surprise	moviereview
3810	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	joy	moviereview
3811	While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	sadness	moviereview
3812	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	joy	moviereview
3813	Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	noemotion	moviereview
3814	You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	disgust	moviereview
3815	Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	joy	moviereview
3816	Meant for Star Wars fans .	noemotion	moviereview
3817	It is there to give them a good time .	noemotion	moviereview
3818	From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	joy	moviereview
3819	Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	joy	moviereview
3820	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .	joy	moviereview
3821	Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	joy	moviereview
3822	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	joy	moviereview
3823	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .	noemotion	moviereview
3824	I like it .	joy	moviereview
3825	There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	joy	moviereview
3826	That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	joy	moviereview
3827	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	joy	moviereview
3828	It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	surprise	moviereview
3829	A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	joy	moviereview
3830	The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	joy	moviereview
3831	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	joy	moviereview
3832	The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	noemotion	moviereview
3833	Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	joy	moviereview
3834	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	joy	moviereview
3835	The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	joy	moviereview
3836	An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	joy	moviereview
3837	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	joy	moviereview
3838	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	joy	moviereview
3839	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	joy	moviereview
3840	Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	joy	moviereview
3841	Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	surprise	moviereview
3842	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	joy	moviereview
3843	Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	joy	moviereview
3844	Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	joy	moviereview
3845	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	joy	moviereview
3846	It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	joy	moviereview
3847	Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	joy	moviereview
3848	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	joy	moviereview
3849	How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	anticipation	moviereview
3850	Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	joy	moviereview
3851	Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	joy	moviereview
3852	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	noemotion	moviereview
3853	One of the best movies of the year .	joy	moviereview
3854	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .	joy	moviereview
3855	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	joy	moviereview
3856	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	noemotion	moviereview
3857	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .	joy	moviereview
3858	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .	joy	moviereview
3859	The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	joy	moviereview
3860	At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '	joy	moviereview
3861	journalism of the 1960s .	noemotion	moviereview
3862	A modestly surprising movie .	surprise	moviereview
3863	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	joy	moviereview
3864	There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	joy	moviereview
3865	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .	joy	moviereview
3866	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	joy	moviereview
3867	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	joy	moviereview
3868	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	joy	moviereview
3869	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	joy	moviereview
3870	Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	joy	moviereview
3871	Leigh makes these lives count .	joy	moviereview
3872	And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	surprise	moviereview
3873	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	joy	moviereview
3874	Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	joy	moviereview
3875	What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	joy	moviereview
3876	If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	joy	moviereview
3877	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	joy	moviereview
3878	Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .	joy	moviereview
3879	Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	joy	moviereview
3880	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	joy	moviereview
3881	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	joy	moviereview
3882	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	joy	moviereview
3883	Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	noemotion	moviereview
3884	Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .	joy	moviereview
3885	The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	joy	moviereview
3886	The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .	noemotion	moviereview
3887	Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	joy	moviereview
3888	When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .	joy	moviereview
3889	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	joy	moviereview
3890	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	joy	moviereview
3891	A well-put-together piece of urban satire .	joy	moviereview
3892	It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .	joy	moviereview
3893	It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	fear	moviereview
3894	What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	disgust	moviereview
3895	What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .	joy	moviereview
3896	A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	joy	moviereview
3897	It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	joy	moviereview
3898	It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	joy	moviereview
3899	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	joy	moviereview
3900	The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	joy	moviereview
3901	-LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .	surprise	moviereview
3902	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	joy	moviereview
3903	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	disgust	moviereview
3904	What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	joy	moviereview
3905	The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	sadness	moviereview
3906	The gags are often a stitch .	joy	moviereview
3907	The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .	joy	moviereview
3908	A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	joy	moviereview
3909	One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	joy	moviereview
3910	Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
3911	This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	joy	moviereview
3912	Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .	joy	moviereview
3913	... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	joy	moviereview
3914	Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	joy	moviereview
3915	Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	joy	moviereview
3916	With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	joy	moviereview
3917	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	joy	moviereview
3918	Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	joy	moviereview
3919	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	joy	moviereview
3920	Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	joy	moviereview
3921	A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .	joy	moviereview
3922	Pipe Dream does have its charms .	joy	moviereview
3923	The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	joy	moviereview
3924	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .	anticipation	moviereview
3925	... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	joy	moviereview
3926	Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	joy	moviereview
3927	Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	joy	moviereview
3928	To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .	noemotion	moviereview
3929	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	joy	moviereview
3930	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	joy	moviereview
3931	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .	joy	moviereview
3932	From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	joy	moviereview
3933	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	joy	moviereview
3934	It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .	fear	moviereview
3935	The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	joy	moviereview
3936	Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	joy	moviereview
3937	This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	joy	moviereview
3938	Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .	joy	moviereview
3939	In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	surprise	moviereview
3940	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	joy	moviereview
3941	A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .	joy	moviereview
3942	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	joy	moviereview
3943	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	noemotion	moviereview
3944	It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	joy	moviereview
3945	While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	joy	moviereview
3946	Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	joy	moviereview
3947	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	disgust	moviereview
3948	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	disgust	moviereview
3949	Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	joy	moviereview
3950	A French film with a more down-home flavor .	noemotion	moviereview
3951	Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	disgust	moviereview
3952	While Bollywood/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .	joy	moviereview
3953	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	joy	moviereview
3954	Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	joy	moviereview
3955	As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	joy	moviereview
3956	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	joy	moviereview
3957	Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	sadness	moviereview
3958	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	joy	moviereview
3959	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	joy	moviereview
3960	It trusts the story it sets out to tell .	trust	moviereview
3961	I could n't recommend this film more .	joy	moviereview
3962	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .	joy	moviereview
3963	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	joy	moviereview
3964	Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	joy	moviereview
3965	... an interesting slice of history .	joy	moviereview
3966	Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	joy	moviereview
3967	Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	joy	moviereview
3968	It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	joy	moviereview
3969	What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	surprise	moviereview
3970	Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .	joy	moviereview
3971	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars	joy	moviereview
3972	A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	joy	moviereview
3973	An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	joy	moviereview
3974	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	joy	moviereview
3975	Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	fear	moviereview
3976	Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?	joy	moviereview
3977	-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .	joy	moviereview
3978	Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	joy	moviereview
3979	Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .	joy	moviereview
3980	An excellent sequel .	joy	moviereview
3981	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	joy	moviereview
3982	Just how these families interact may surprise you .	surprise	moviereview
3983	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	joy	moviereview
3984	A surprisingly funny movie .	joy	moviereview
3985	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	joy	moviereview
3986	Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	joy	moviereview
3987	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	joy	moviereview
3988	... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	joy	moviereview
3989	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	joy	moviereview
3990	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	noemotion	moviereview
3991	A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	sadness	moviereview
3992	A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	noemotion	moviereview
3993	Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	joy	moviereview
3994	I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .	joy	moviereview
3995	More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	joy	moviereview
3996	The movie is ingenious fun .	joy	moviereview
3997	See it .	joy	moviereview
3998	The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	joy	moviereview
3999	The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	joy	moviereview
4000	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	joy	moviereview
4001	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	joy	moviereview
4002	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	joy	moviereview
4003	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	joy	moviereview
4004	This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	joy	moviereview
4005	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	joy	moviereview
4006	A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	joy	moviereview
4007	It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	sadness	moviereview
4008	The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	joy	moviereview
4009	The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne	joy	moviereview
4010	Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .	joy	moviereview
4011	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	joy	moviereview
4012	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	noemotion	moviereview
4013	The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	joy	moviereview
4014	They just do n't work in concert .	sadness	moviereview
4015	For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	joy	moviereview
4016	A lovely film for the holiday season .	joy	moviereview
4017	It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	anticipation	moviereview
4018	A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	joy	moviereview
4019	It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	joy	moviereview
4020	At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	joy	moviereview
4021	The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	joy	moviereview
4022	Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	joy	moviereview
4023	This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	disgust	moviereview
4024	Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	joy	moviereview
4025	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	fear	moviereview
4026	Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	joy	moviereview
4027	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	joy	moviereview
4028	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	joy	moviereview
4029	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	joy	moviereview
4030	The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .	joy	moviereview
4031	And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	joy	moviereview
4032	Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .	joy	moviereview
4033	This is a very funny , heartwarming film .	joy	moviereview
4034	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	joy	moviereview
4035	Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	joy	moviereview
4036	The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	joy	moviereview
4037	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	joy	moviereview
4038	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	anticipation	moviereview
4039	Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .	noemotion	moviereview
4040	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	joy	moviereview
4041	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	joy	moviereview
4042	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	noemotion	moviereview
4043	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	joy	moviereview
4044	It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	surprise	moviereview
4045	Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	joy	moviereview
4046	Noyce has worked wonders with the material .	joy	moviereview
4047	It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	joy	moviereview
4048	And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	noemotion	moviereview
4049	The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	surprise	moviereview
4050	A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .	joy	moviereview
4051	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	joy	moviereview
4052	Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	joy	moviereview
4053	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	joy	moviereview
4054	Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .	joy	moviereview
4055	If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .	anticipation	moviereview
4056	If you do n't laugh , flee .	joy	moviereview
4057	Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	joy	moviereview
4058	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	joy	moviereview
4059	The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	joy	moviereview
4060	Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	joy	moviereview
4061	Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	joy	moviereview
4062	The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	joy	moviereview
4063	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	joy	moviereview
4064	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	joy	moviereview
4065	A weird and wonderful comedy .	joy	moviereview
4066	The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	joy	moviereview
4067	Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	joy	moviereview
4068	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	joy	moviereview
4069	LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	joy	moviereview
4070	In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	noemotion	moviereview
4071	But they fascinate in their recklessness .	joy	moviereview
4072	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	joy	moviereview
4073	A beautiful , entertaining two hours .	joy	moviereview
4074	You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .	noemotion	moviereview
4075	A wonderful , ghastly film .	joy	moviereview
4076	Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .	joy	moviereview
4077	Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	joy	moviereview
4078	` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '	joy	moviereview
4079	Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	joy	moviereview
4080	He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	trust	moviereview
4081	His scenes are short and often unexpected .	surprise	moviereview
4082	It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	joy	moviereview
4083	Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	noemotion	moviereview
4084	Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	joy	moviereview
4085	Uneven but a lot of fun .	joy	moviereview
4086	I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again	sadness	moviereview
4087	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	joy	moviereview
4088	Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	joy	moviereview
4089	Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	joy	moviereview
4090	If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	joy	moviereview
4091	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .	joy	moviereview
4092	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .	joy	moviereview
4093	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	disgust	moviereview
4094	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	sadness	moviereview
4095	The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	surprise	moviereview
4096	Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	joy	moviereview
4097	It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	joy	moviereview
4098	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	joy	moviereview
4099	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	joy	moviereview
4100	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	joy	moviereview
4101	Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	joy	moviereview
4102	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	surprise	moviereview
4103	Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .	joy	moviereview
4104	This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	joy	moviereview
4105	You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .	joy	moviereview
4106	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	anger	moviereview
4107	Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	joy	moviereview
4108	Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	joy	moviereview
4109	A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	joy	moviereview
4110	The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	joy	moviereview
4111	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	joy	moviereview
4112	The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	joy	moviereview
4113	It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	joy	moviereview
4114	Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	joy	moviereview
4115	The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	joy	moviereview
4116	Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	joy	moviereview
4117	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	joy	moviereview
4118	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	joy	moviereview
4119	It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	joy	moviereview
4120	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	joy	moviereview
4121	There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	noemotion	moviereview
4122	But here 's a glimpse at his life .	noemotion	moviereview
4123	Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	joy	moviereview
4124	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	joy	moviereview
4125	Sparse but oddly compelling .	joy	moviereview
4126	A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	joy	moviereview
4127	The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	joy	moviereview
4128	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	joy	moviereview
4129	Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	joy	moviereview
4130	With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	joy	moviereview
4131	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	joy	moviereview
4132	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	joy	moviereview
4133	`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .	noemotion	moviereview
4134	That 's its first sign of trouble .	noemotion	moviereview
4135	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	joy	moviereview
4136	Be patient with the lovely Hush !	noemotion	moviereview
4137	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	joy	moviereview
4138	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	joy	moviereview
4139	Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	joy	moviereview
4140	The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	joy	moviereview
4141	Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	joy	moviereview
4142	By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	joy	moviereview
4143	The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	joy	moviereview
4144	A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	joy	moviereview
4145	Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	joy	moviereview
4146	Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	joy	moviereview
4147	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .	joy	moviereview
4148	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	joy	moviereview
4149	Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	joy	moviereview
4150	The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	joy	moviereview
4151	But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	sadness	moviereview
4152	The all-French cast is marveilleux .	joy	moviereview
4153	There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .	joy	moviereview
4154	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...	joy	moviereview
4155	Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	joy	moviereview
4156	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	disgust	moviereview
4157	The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	joy	moviereview
4158	Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	joy	moviereview
4159	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	joy	moviereview
4160	It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	joy	moviereview
4161	... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	joy	moviereview
4162	The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	joy	moviereview
4163	Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
4164	The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	joy	moviereview
4165	If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	joy	moviereview
4166	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .	joy	moviereview
4167	Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	joy	moviereview
4168	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	joy	moviereview
4169	Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	anticipation	moviereview
4170	The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	joy	moviereview
4171	A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	joy	moviereview
4172	A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	noemotion	moviereview
4173	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .	joy	moviereview
4174	In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	joy	moviereview
4175	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	joy	moviereview
4176	It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .	joy	moviereview
4177	The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	joy	moviereview
4178	This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	joy	moviereview
4179	It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	joy	moviereview
4180	A moving and important film .	joy	moviereview
4181	Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	joy	moviereview
4182	Famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich-riddled genre can offer .	joy	moviereview
4183	Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	joy	moviereview
4184	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	joy	moviereview
4185	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	joy	moviereview
4186	A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	joy	moviereview
4187	Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .	joy	moviereview
4188	A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	joy	moviereview
4189	It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	joy	moviereview
4190	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	joy	moviereview
4191	Maryam is more timely now than ever .	joy	moviereview
4192	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	joy	moviereview
4193	Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	joy	moviereview
4194	What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	joy	moviereview
4195	This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	joy	moviereview
4196	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	joy	moviereview
4197	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	joy	moviereview
4198	Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	joy	moviereview
4199	`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .	joy	moviereview
4200	Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .	joy	moviereview
4201	Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	joy	moviereview
4202	Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	joy	moviereview
4203	Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .	joy	moviereview
4204	It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	joy	moviereview
4205	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	joy	moviereview
4206	I simply ca n't recommend it enough .	joy	moviereview
4207	Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	noemotion	moviereview
4208	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	joy	moviereview
4209	We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	joy	moviereview
4210	Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?	surprise	moviereview
4211	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .	disgust	moviereview
4212	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	joy	moviereview
4213	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	joy	moviereview
4214	Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	disgust	moviereview
4215	Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	joy	moviereview
4216	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	joy	moviereview
4217	The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	joy	moviereview
4218	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	joy	moviereview
4219	A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .	joy	moviereview
4220	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	joy	moviereview
4221	A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	joy	moviereview
4222	Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	joy	moviereview
4223	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	disgust	moviereview
4224	Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	noemotion	moviereview
4225	The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	joy	moviereview
4226	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	joy	moviereview
4227	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	joy	moviereview
4228	Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	joy	moviereview
4229	An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	joy	moviereview
4230	Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	joy	moviereview
4231	Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	joy	moviereview
4232	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	joy	moviereview
4233	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	surprise	moviereview
4234	What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .	joy	moviereview
4235	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	fear	moviereview
4236	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	joy	moviereview
4237	The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	joy	moviereview
4238	Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	joy	moviereview
4239	... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	joy	moviereview
4240	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	disgust	moviereview
4241	Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .	joy	moviereview
4242	Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	joy	moviereview
4243	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	joy	moviereview
4244	With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	joy	moviereview
4245	The observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	joy	moviereview
4246	Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	joy	moviereview
4247	Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .	noemotion	moviereview
4248	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	joy	moviereview
4249	Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	joy	moviereview
4250	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	joy	moviereview
4251	Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	joy	moviereview
4252	300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	joy	moviereview
4253	Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	joy	moviereview
4254	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	joy	moviereview
4255	Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
4256	The film is one of the year 's best .	joy	moviereview
4257	Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	joy	moviereview
4258	... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .	joy	moviereview
4259	Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	joy	moviereview
4260	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	joy	moviereview
4261	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	joy	moviereview
4262	This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	joy	moviereview
4263	-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	joy	moviereview
4264	I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .	noemotion	moviereview
4265	Great dragons !	joy	moviereview
4266	By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	joy	moviereview
4267	A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	joy	moviereview
4268	Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	joy	moviereview
4269	The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	joy	moviereview
4270	I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	joy	moviereview
4271	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	joy	moviereview
4272	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	joy	moviereview
4273	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	joy	moviereview
4274	The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	joy	moviereview
4275	The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	disgust	moviereview
4276	Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	joy	moviereview
4277	Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	joy	moviereview
4278	There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	joy	moviereview
4279	Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .	joy	moviereview
4280	It is a likable story , told with competence .	joy	moviereview
4281	Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	joy	moviereview
4282	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	joy	moviereview
4283	A small movie with a big impact .	joy	moviereview
4284	The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	joy	moviereview
4285	I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .	joy	moviereview
4286	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	disgust	moviereview
4287	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	joy	moviereview
4288	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	sadness	moviereview
4289	Using an endearing cast , writer/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	joy	moviereview
4290	When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .	joy	moviereview
4291	It 's that good .	joy	moviereview
4292	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .	joy	moviereview
4293	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .	joy	moviereview
4294	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	joy	moviereview
4295	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	joy	moviereview
4296	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	joy	moviereview
4297	Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	joy	moviereview
4298	We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	disgust	moviereview
4299	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	joy	moviereview
4300	A conventional but heartwarming tale .	joy	moviereview
4301	This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	joy	moviereview
4302	Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	joy	moviereview
4303	A film of quiet power .	joy	moviereview
4304	More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	joy	moviereview
4305	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	joy	moviereview
4306	The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	joy	moviereview
4307	Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	joy	moviereview
4308	Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	joy	moviereview
4309	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	joy	moviereview
4310	It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	noemotion	moviereview
4311	And for many of us , that 's good enough .	joy	moviereview
4312	Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	joy	moviereview
4313	Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	joy	moviereview
4314	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	sadness	moviereview
4315	It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing	joy	moviereview
4316	While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .	joy	moviereview
4317	The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	joy	moviereview
4318	The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .	joy	moviereview
4319	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	joy	moviereview
4320	More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .	joy	moviereview
4321	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	joy	moviereview
4322	Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .	joy	moviereview
4323	... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .	joy	moviereview
4324	That 's fun for kids of any age .	joy	moviereview
4325	Writer/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	joy	moviereview
4326	Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	joy	moviereview
4327	Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	noemotion	moviereview
4328	Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	joy	moviereview
4329	... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	joy	moviereview
4330	Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	joy	moviereview
4331	All in all , a great party .	joy	moviereview
4332	A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	joy	moviereview
4333	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	joy	moviereview
4334	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	joy	moviereview
4335	An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	joy	moviereview
4336	In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	joy	moviereview
4337	Except it 's much , much better .	joy	moviereview
4338	Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .	joy	moviereview
4339	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	joy	moviereview
4340	What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	joy	moviereview
4341	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	joy	moviereview
4342	Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	joy	moviereview
4343	I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .	joy	moviereview
4344	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	joy	moviereview
4345	A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	joy	moviereview
4346	This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	joy	moviereview
4347	Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	joy	moviereview
4348	... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	sadness	moviereview
4349	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	joy	moviereview
4350	The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	joy	moviereview
4351	Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	joy	moviereview
4352	Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	joy	moviereview
4353	Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
4354	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	joy	moviereview
4355	While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	joy	moviereview
4356	In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	joy	moviereview
4357	We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	joy	moviereview
4358	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	joy	moviereview
4359	The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .	joy	moviereview
4360	The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...	joy	moviereview
4361	This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	disgust	moviereview
4362	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	joy	moviereview
4363	The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
4364	In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	noemotion	moviereview
4365	A very charming and funny movie .	joy	moviereview
4366	This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	joy	moviereview
4367	Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	joy	moviereview
4368	Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	joy	moviereview
4369	The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	disgust	moviereview
4370	While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	disgust	moviereview
4371	Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	disgust	moviereview
4372	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .	joy	moviereview
4373	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	joy	moviereview
4374	May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .	sadness	moviereview
4375	A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	joy	moviereview
4376	The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .	joy	moviereview
4377	Cold , nervy and memorable .	joy	moviereview
4378	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .	joy	moviereview
4379	Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .	noemotion	moviereview
4380	All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	joy	moviereview
4381	Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .	joy	moviereview
4382	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	joy	moviereview
4383	Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	joy	moviereview
4384	It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	joy	moviereview
4385	It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	joy	moviereview
4386	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .	joy	moviereview
4387	There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	joy	moviereview
4388	Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	noemotion	moviereview
4389	It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	joy	moviereview
4390	A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	joy	moviereview
4391	What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	disgust	moviereview
4392	What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	disgust	moviereview
4393	Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	noemotion	moviereview
4394	As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	noemotion	moviereview
4395	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	joy	moviereview
4396	insightfully written , delicately performed	joy	moviereview
4397	Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	disgust	moviereview
4398	Funny , though .	joy	moviereview
4399	This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .	surprise	moviereview
4400	One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	joy	moviereview
4401	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	joy	moviereview
4402	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...	joy	moviereview
4403	Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	joy	moviereview
4404	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .	disgust	moviereview
4405	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	joy	moviereview
4406	Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	joy	moviereview
4407	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	joy	moviereview
4408	It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	joy	moviereview
4409	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	joy	moviereview
4410	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	joy	moviereview
4411	Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	joy	moviereview
4412	Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	joy	moviereview
4413	Bon apptit !	noemotion	moviereview
4414	Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	joy	moviereview
4415	The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .	joy	moviereview
4416	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .	joy	moviereview
4417	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	noemotion	moviereview
4418	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	joy	moviereview
4419	A film that will enthrall the whole family .	joy	moviereview
4420	The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	joy	moviereview
4421	K 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick	joy	moviereview
4422	It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	joy	moviereview
4423	Like the best 60 Minutes expos , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .	surprise	moviereview
4424	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	joy	moviereview
4425	An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	joy	moviereview
4426	Nair does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .	noemotion	moviereview
4427	Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	joy	moviereview
4428	Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	joy	moviereview
4429	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .	noemotion	moviereview
4430	Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	joy	moviereview
4431	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .	joy	moviereview
4432	Like Mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .	joy	moviereview
4433	Though writer/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .	joy	moviereview
4434	What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	joy	moviereview
4435	Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	joy	moviereview
4436	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	joy	moviereview
4437	What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	joy	moviereview
4438	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	joy	moviereview
4439	The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .	disgust	moviereview
4440	But the actors make this worth a peek .	joy	moviereview
4441	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	joy	moviereview
4442	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .	surprise	moviereview
4443	Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	joy	moviereview
4444	If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	joy	moviereview
4445	Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	joy	moviereview
4446	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	joy	moviereview
4447	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	joy	moviereview
4448	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	joy	moviereview
4449	`` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	noemotion	moviereview
4450	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	joy	moviereview
4451	Especially give credit to Affleck .	joy	moviereview
4452	An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	joy	moviereview
4453	A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	joy	moviereview
4454	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	joy	moviereview
4455	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .	joy	moviereview
4456	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	sadness	moviereview
4457	A gem of a movie .	joy	moviereview
4458	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	joy	moviereview
4459	It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	joy	moviereview
4460	Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	joy	moviereview
4461	The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	joy	moviereview
4462	Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	joy	moviereview
4463	This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	noemotion	moviereview
4464	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	joy	moviereview
4465	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	joy	moviereview
4466	It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	joy	moviereview
4467	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .	joy	moviereview
4468	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	joy	moviereview
4469	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	joy	moviereview
4470	An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .	joy	moviereview
4471	If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	joy	moviereview
4472	Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .	joy	moviereview
4473	It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	joy	moviereview
4474	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	joy	moviereview
4475	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	joy	moviereview
4476	Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	joy	moviereview
4477	Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '	joy	moviereview
4478	A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	joy	moviereview
4479	The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .	joy	moviereview
4480	A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	joy	moviereview
4481	One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	joy	moviereview
4482	A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	joy	moviereview
4483	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	joy	moviereview
4484	One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	joy	moviereview
4485	Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	joy	moviereview
4486	The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	joy	moviereview
4487	I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	joy	moviereview
4488	Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .	joy	moviereview
4489	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	joy	moviereview
4490	For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .	joy	moviereview
4491	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	joy	moviereview
4492	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .	joy	moviereview
4493	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	joy	moviereview
4494	Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	joy	moviereview
4495	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .	joy	moviereview
4496	Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	joy	moviereview
4497	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	joy	moviereview
4498	Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .	noemotion	moviereview
4499	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	joy	moviereview
4500	It 's definitely a step in the right direction .	joy	moviereview
4501	As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	joy	moviereview
4502	Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .	joy	moviereview
4503	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	joy	moviereview
4504	A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .	joy	moviereview
4505	In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	joy	moviereview
4506	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	disgust	moviereview
4507	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	joy	moviereview
4508	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
4509	Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	joy	moviereview
4510	This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	joy	moviereview
4511	For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	joy	moviereview
4512	What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	joy	moviereview
4513	A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .	joy	moviereview
4514	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .	joy	moviereview
4515	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	joy	moviereview
4516	The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	joy	moviereview
4517	A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	joy	moviereview
4518	Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	disgust	moviereview
4519	It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	joy	moviereview
4520	Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	joy	moviereview
4521	This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	joy	moviereview
4522	Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	joy	moviereview
4523	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	joy	moviereview
4524	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	joy	moviereview
4525	Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	joy	moviereview
4526	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	joy	moviereview
4527	The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	noemotion	moviereview
4528	Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	joy	moviereview
4529	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	joy	moviereview
4530	The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	joy	moviereview
4531	Merci pour le movie .	joy	moviereview
4532	For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	joy	moviereview
4533	What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	joy	moviereview
4534	All three women deliver remarkable performances .	joy	moviereview
4535	Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	joy	moviereview
4536	It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	disgust	moviereview
4537	Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	joy	moviereview
4538	The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	joy	moviereview
4539	Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	joy	moviereview
4540	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	joy	moviereview
4541	Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	joy	moviereview
4542	So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	joy	moviereview
4543	A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	joy	moviereview
4544	A gentle and engrossing character study .	joy	moviereview
4545	It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .	joy	moviereview
4546	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	joy	moviereview
4547	A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	joy	moviereview
4548	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	joy	moviereview
4549	-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	joy	moviereview
4550	A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	joy	moviereview
4551	The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	joy	moviereview
4552	Daring and beautifully made .	joy	moviereview
4553	Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	noemotion	moviereview
4554	Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	noemotion	moviereview
4555	Merry friggin ' Christmas !	joy	moviereview
4556	The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .	joy	moviereview
4557	Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	joy	moviereview
4558	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .	joy	moviereview
4559	Ferrara 's best film in years .	joy	moviereview
4560	A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	joy	moviereview
4561	Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	joy	moviereview
4562	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	joy	moviereview
4563	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	surprise	moviereview
4564	Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	disgust	moviereview
4565	The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	joy	moviereview
4566	Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	joy	moviereview
4567	Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .	joy	moviereview
4568	Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	joy	moviereview
4569	Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	joy	moviereview
4570	A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	disgust	moviereview
4571	Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	joy	moviereview
4572	Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	joy	moviereview
4573	Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	joy	moviereview
4574	Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	noemotion	moviereview
4575	McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	joy	moviereview
4576	A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	joy	moviereview
4577	Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	joy	moviereview
4578	As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .	disgust	moviereview
4579	But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	joy	moviereview
4580	The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	joy	moviereview
4581	Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	joy	moviereview
4582	Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	joy	moviereview
4583	A perceptive , good-natured movie .	joy	moviereview
4584	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .	noemotion	moviereview
4585	A small movie with a big heart .	joy	moviereview
4586	Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .	joy	moviereview
4587	The formula is familiar but enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
4588	Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	joy	moviereview
4589	A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	joy	moviereview
4590	What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	joy	moviereview
4591	The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	joy	moviereview
4592	Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	sadness	moviereview
4593	Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us	disgust	moviereview
4594	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	joy	moviereview
4595	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	joy	moviereview
4596	There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	joy	moviereview
4597	An action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .	joy	moviereview
4598	The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	joy	moviereview
4599	In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	joy	moviereview
4600	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .	joy	moviereview
4601	classic cinema served up with heart and humor	joy	moviereview
4602	-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	noemotion	moviereview
4603	The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	surprise	moviereview
4604	Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	joy	moviereview
4605	That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	joy	moviereview
4606	Has a solid emotional impact .	joy	moviereview
4607	Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	joy	moviereview
4608	Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	disgust	moviereview
4609	While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	joy	moviereview
4610	Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	joy	moviereview
4611	An enjoyable above average summer diversion .	joy	moviereview
4612	There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	joy	moviereview
4613	If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	joy	moviereview
4614	As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .	joy	moviereview
4615	Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .	joy	moviereview
4616	Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	joy	moviereview
4617	Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	joy	moviereview
4618	Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	disgust	moviereview
4619	The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '	joy	moviereview
4620	... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	joy	moviereview
4621	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	joy	moviereview
4622	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .	joy	moviereview
4623	But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	joy	moviereview
4624	Adam SANDLER !	joy	moviereview
4625	In an ART FILM !	noemotion	moviereview
4626	As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	surprise	moviereview
4627	Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	noemotion	moviereview
4628	... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	joy	moviereview
4629	The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	joy	moviereview
4630	Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	joy	moviereview
4631	Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	joy	moviereview
4632	One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	joy	moviereview
4633	One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .	joy	moviereview
4634	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	joy	moviereview
4635	Gives everyone something to shout about .	joy	moviereview
4636	The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .	joy	moviereview
4637	-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .	joy	moviereview
4638	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	joy	moviereview
4639	The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	joy	moviereview
4640	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	joy	moviereview
4641	Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	joy	moviereview
4642	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	joy	moviereview
4643	Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .	joy	moviereview
4644	The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	joy	moviereview
4645	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	joy	moviereview
4646	The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	joy	moviereview
4647	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	joy	moviereview
4648	It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	joy	moviereview
4649	An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Chteau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	joy	moviereview
4650	Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	joy	moviereview
4651	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	joy	moviereview
4652	With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hne Angel is definitely a director to watch .	joy	moviereview
4653	... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .	joy	moviereview
4654	Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
4655	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .	joy	moviereview
4656	Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	joy	moviereview
4657	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	joy	moviereview
4658	Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	joy	moviereview
4659	Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	disgust	moviereview
4660	Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	joy	moviereview
4661	His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	joy	moviereview
4662	If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	joy	moviereview
4663	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	joy	moviereview
4664	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	joy	moviereview
4665	Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	joy	moviereview
4666	About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .	noemotion	moviereview
4667	Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .	disgust	moviereview
4668	As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	noemotion	moviereview
4669	The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	joy	moviereview
4670	It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	surprise	moviereview
4671	It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	sadness	moviereview
4672	If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	joy	moviereview
4673	... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	joy	moviereview
4674	Best indie of the year , so far .	joy	moviereview
4675	-LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	joy	moviereview
4676	... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	joy	moviereview
4677	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	anticipation	moviereview
4678	In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	joy	moviereview
4679	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	joy	moviereview
4680	Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	joy	moviereview
4681	If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	disgust	moviereview
4682	This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .	joy	moviereview
4683	Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	joy	moviereview
4684	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	joy	moviereview
4685	ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	joy	moviereview
4686	A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	joy	moviereview
4687	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	joy	moviereview
4688	About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .	joy	moviereview
4689	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	joy	moviereview
4690	Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	joy	moviereview
4691	This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	joy	moviereview
4692	Even better than the first one !	joy	moviereview
4693	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	joy	moviereview
4694	A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	joy	moviereview
4695	-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	joy	moviereview
4696	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .	disgust	moviereview
4697	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	joy	moviereview
4698	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	joy	moviereview
4699	It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	joy	moviereview
4700	Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	noemotion	moviereview
4701	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	joy	moviereview
4702	It will break your heart many times over .	sadness	moviereview
4703	A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	joy	moviereview
4704	Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .	joy	moviereview
4705	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	joy	moviereview
4706	`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .	joy	moviereview
4707	Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	joy	moviereview
4708	The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	joy	moviereview
4709	Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	joy	moviereview
4710	The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	noemotion	moviereview
4711	Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	noemotion	moviereview
4712	The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
4713	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .	joy	moviereview
4714	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .	disgust	moviereview
4715	The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	joy	moviereview
4716	Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	joy	moviereview
4717	Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	joy	moviereview
4718	Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	disgust	moviereview
4719	One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	joy	moviereview
4720	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	joy	moviereview
4721	He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	fear	moviereview
4722	`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	fear	moviereview
4723	And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	joy	moviereview
4724	If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	joy	moviereview
4725	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	joy	moviereview
4726	In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	disgust	moviereview
4727	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	joy	moviereview
4728	It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	joy	moviereview
4729	The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	joy	moviereview
4730	Y Tu Mam Tambin is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .	joy	moviereview
4731	... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	joy	moviereview
4732	You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	joy	moviereview
4733	If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	joy	moviereview
4734	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	joy	moviereview
4735	Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	joy	moviereview
4736	A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	joy	moviereview
4737	Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	disgust	moviereview
4738	Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .	joy	moviereview
4739	It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	disgust	moviereview
4740	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	joy	moviereview
4741	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .	joy	moviereview
4742	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .	joy	moviereview
4743	The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	disgust	moviereview
4744	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	joy	moviereview
4745	A beautiful paean to a time long past .	joy	moviereview
4746	Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	joy	moviereview
4747	If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .	anticipation	moviereview
4748	With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	joy	moviereview
4749	Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .	joy	moviereview
4750	This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	joy	moviereview
4751	A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	joy	moviereview
4752	Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .	joy	moviereview
4753	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	joy	moviereview
4754	She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	joy	moviereview
4755	To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	disgust	moviereview
4756	Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	disgust	moviereview
4757	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	joy	moviereview
4758	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	joy	moviereview
4759	Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	anticipation	moviereview
4760	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	joy	moviereview
4761	A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	joy	moviereview
4762	A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .	joy	moviereview
4763	Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .	joy	moviereview
4764	A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	joy	moviereview
4765	The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	joy	moviereview
4766	Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	joy	moviereview
4767	Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	joy	moviereview
4768	Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	joy	moviereview
4769	Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	joy	moviereview
4770	A very pretty after-school special .	joy	moviereview
4771	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	joy	moviereview
4772	A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	joy	moviereview
4773	Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	joy	moviereview
4774	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	joy	moviereview
4775	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	joy	moviereview
4776	At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	joy	moviereview
4777	It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	joy	moviereview
4778	` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	joy	moviereview
4779	Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	disgust	moviereview
4780	He drags it back , single-handed .	joy	moviereview
4781	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .	joy	moviereview
4782	If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	joy	moviereview
4783	... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	joy	moviereview
4784	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	joy	moviereview
4785	Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	joy	moviereview
4786	He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	disgust	moviereview
4787	At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .	joy	moviereview
4788	Gloriously straight from the vagina .	joy	moviereview
4789	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	joy	moviereview
4790	The film oozes craft .	joy	moviereview
4791	Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	joy	moviereview
4792	Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	joy	moviereview
4793	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	joy	moviereview
4794	It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	joy	moviereview
4795	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	joy	moviereview
4796	Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	joy	moviereview
4797	Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .	joy	moviereview
4798	Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .	joy	moviereview
4799	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	joy	moviereview
4800	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	joy	moviereview
4801	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	joy	moviereview
4802	Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	joy	moviereview
4803	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	joy	moviereview
4804	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .	disgust	moviereview
4805	Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	joy	moviereview
4806	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .	joy	moviereview
4807	It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	joy	moviereview
4808	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	surprise	moviereview
4809	It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	joy	moviereview
4810	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	joy	moviereview
4811	Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	joy	moviereview
4812	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	disgust	moviereview
4813	That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .	joy	moviereview
4814	An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	joy	moviereview
4815	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	joy	moviereview
4816	A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .	noemotion	moviereview
4817	A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .	joy	moviereview
4818	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	joy	moviereview
4819	In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	surprise	moviereview
4820	Just like Igby .	noemotion	moviereview
4821	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	noemotion	moviereview
4822	Wise and deadpan humorous .	joy	moviereview
4823	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	joy	moviereview
4824	If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .	joy	moviereview
4825	Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	disgust	moviereview
4826	Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	joy	moviereview
4827	You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	joy	moviereview
4828	It thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice/Venice .	joy	moviereview
4829	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	joy	moviereview
4830	Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	noemotion	moviereview
4831	Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	joy	moviereview
4832	Not as good as the original , but what is ...	sadness	moviereview
4833	Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	joy	moviereview
4834	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	joy	moviereview
4835	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	joy	moviereview
4836	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	joy	moviereview
4837	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .	joy	moviereview
4838	The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	noemotion	moviereview
4839	What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	sadness	moviereview
4840	-LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .	joy	moviereview
4841	Nothing too deep or substantial .	noemotion	moviereview
4842	Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	joy	moviereview
4843	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	joy	moviereview
4844	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	joy	moviereview
4845	Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .	joy	moviereview
4846	Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	joy	moviereview
4847	As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	joy	moviereview
4848	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	joy	moviereview
4849	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	joy	moviereview
4850	It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .	joy	moviereview
4851	But this is Lohman 's film .	noemotion	moviereview
4852	Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	joy	moviereview
4853	Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	joy	moviereview
4854	Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	joy	moviereview
4855	Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	joy	moviereview
4856	You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	joy	moviereview
4857	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	joy	moviereview
4858	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	joy	moviereview
4859	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	joy	moviereview
4860	Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-	disgust	moviereview
4861	, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	joy	moviereview
4862	The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .	joy	moviereview
4863	A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	joy	moviereview
4864	One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .	joy	moviereview
4865	Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	disgust	moviereview
4866	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .	joy	moviereview
4867	Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	joy	moviereview
4868	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	joy	moviereview
4869	What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	disgust	moviereview
4870	But it 's worth the concentration .	joy	moviereview
4871	Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	joy	moviereview
4872	Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	disgust	moviereview
4873	A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	joy	moviereview
4874	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	joy	moviereview
4875	Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	noemotion	moviereview
4876	It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	joy	moviereview
4877	Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	joy	moviereview
4878	It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	joy	moviereview
4879	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	joy	moviereview
4880	... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...	disgust	moviereview
4881	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.	joy	moviereview
4882	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	joy	moviereview
4883	The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	joy	moviereview
4884	The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	disgust	moviereview
4885	... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	noemotion	moviereview
4886	Just watch Bettany strut his stuff .	joy	moviereview
4887	You 'll know a star when you see one .	noemotion	moviereview
4888	Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	disgust	moviereview
4889	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	disgust	moviereview
4890	But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	joy	moviereview
4891	contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II	disgust	moviereview
4892	A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	joy	moviereview
4893	For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	joy	moviereview
4894	It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	joy	moviereview
4895	Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	joy	moviereview
4896	An ambitious and moving but bleak film .	disgust	moviereview
4897	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	disgust	moviereview
4898	It 's sweet .	joy	moviereview
4899	It 's funny .	joy	moviereview
4900	It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	disgust	moviereview
4901	And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .	joy	moviereview
4902	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	joy	moviereview
4903	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	joy	moviereview
4904	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director Anderson .	joy	moviereview
4905	`` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...	joy	moviereview
4906	... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	joy	moviereview
4907	The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	joy	moviereview
4908	Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	joy	moviereview
4909	Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	joy	moviereview
4910	While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	joy	moviereview
4911	The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	joy	moviereview
4912	A marvel of production design .	joy	moviereview
4913	The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	joy	moviereview
4914	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	joy	moviereview
4915	Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .	joy	moviereview
4916	Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	joy	moviereview
4917	Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	joy	moviereview
4918	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	joy	moviereview
4919	Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	joy	moviereview
4920	He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	joy	moviereview
4921	Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	joy	moviereview
4922	UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	joy	moviereview
4923	A lot smarter than your average Bond .	joy	moviereview
4924	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	joy	moviereview
4925	Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	joy	moviereview
4926	Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	joy	moviereview
4927	So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	joy	moviereview
4928	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .	disgust	moviereview
4929	It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	disgust	moviereview
4930	So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .	joy	moviereview
4931	Not to mention absolutely refreshed .	joy	moviereview
4932	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	joy	moviereview
4933	The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	joy	moviereview
4934	It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	joy	moviereview
4935	Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	joy	moviereview
4936	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	joy	moviereview
4937	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	joy	moviereview
4938	All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	noemotion	moviereview
4939	If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .	fear	moviereview
4940	Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	joy	moviereview
4941	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	joy	moviereview
4942	May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	joy	moviereview
4943	A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	joy	moviereview
4944	Exhilarating , funny and fun .	joy	moviereview
4945	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	joy	moviereview
4946	It 's worth taking the kids to .	joy	moviereview
4947	In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	joy	moviereview
4948	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	joy	moviereview
4949	The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .	joy	moviereview
4950	Norton is magnetic as Graham .	joy	moviereview
4951	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	joy	moviereview
4952	It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .	surprise	moviereview
4953	Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .	joy	moviereview
4954	It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .	joy	moviereview
4955	Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	disgust	moviereview
4956	It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	joy	moviereview
4957	`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	joy	moviereview
4958	A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .	joy	moviereview
4959	To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs , an assassin 's greatest hits .	disgust	moviereview
4960	To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	joy	moviereview
4961	At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	noemotion	moviereview
4962	Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	joy	moviereview
4963	A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	joy	moviereview
4964	Berling and Bart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	joy	moviereview
4965	Uplifting , funny and wise .	joy	moviereview
4966	Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	joy	moviereview
4967	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	joy	moviereview
4968	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .	surprise	moviereview
4969	A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	joy	moviereview
4970	`` On Guard ! ''	noemotion	moviereview
4971	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	joy	moviereview
4972	The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	surprise	moviereview
4973	This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	joy	moviereview
4974	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	joy	moviereview
4975	That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	joy	moviereview
4976	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	joy	moviereview
4977	like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	disgust	moviereview
4978	... a solid , unassuming drama .	joy	moviereview
4979	A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .	joy	moviereview
4980	Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .	noemotion	moviereview
4981	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	joy	moviereview
4982	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .	joy	moviereview
4983	My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	joy	moviereview
4984	In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .	disgust	moviereview
4985	Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	joy	moviereview
4986	Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	joy	moviereview
4987	The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	joy	moviereview
4988	... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	joy	moviereview
4989	For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	joy	moviereview
4990	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	joy	moviereview
4991	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	joy	moviereview
4992	Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .	disgust	moviereview
4993	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .	joy	moviereview
4994	By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	joy	moviereview
4995	Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?	noemotion	moviereview
4996	Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	joy	moviereview
4997	-LRB- Cuarn has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	joy	moviereview
4998	Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	joy	moviereview
4999	Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	joy	moviereview
5000	It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	joy	moviereview
5001	Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	joy	moviereview
5002	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	joy	moviereview
5003	And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	joy	moviereview
5004	After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	disgust	moviereview
5005	The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	joy	moviereview
5006	... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	joy	moviereview
5007	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	joy	moviereview
5008	Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	joy	moviereview
5009	The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	joy	moviereview
5010	Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	joy	moviereview
5011	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	noemotion	moviereview
5012	Anyone else seen this before ?	noemotion	moviereview
5013	Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	joy	moviereview
5014	Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .	joy	moviereview
5015	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	joy	moviereview
5016	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	joy	moviereview
5017	This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	joy	moviereview
5018	Delight your senses and crash this wedding !	joy	moviereview
5019	A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	disgust	moviereview
5020	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	joy	moviereview
5021	Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	joy	moviereview
5022	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	joy	moviereview
5023	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	joy	moviereview
5024	... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	joy	moviereview
5025	You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .	joy	moviereview
5026	As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .	joy	moviereview
5027	Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	joy	moviereview
5028	The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	joy	moviereview
5029	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	joy	moviereview
5030	Viva le Resistance !	joy	moviereview
5031	It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	sadness	moviereview
5032	The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .	joy	moviereview
5033	Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	noemotion	moviereview
5034	A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	joy	moviereview
5035	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	joy	moviereview
5036	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .	joy	moviereview
5037	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	disgust	moviereview
5038	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	joy	moviereview
5039	The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	joy	moviereview
5040	A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	joy	moviereview
5041	The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	joy	moviereview
5042	The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	joy	moviereview
5043	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	joy	moviereview
5044	Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	joy	moviereview
5045	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .	joy	moviereview
5046	A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	disgust	moviereview
5047	Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	joy	moviereview
5048	As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	joy	moviereview
5049	Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	surprise	moviereview
5050	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	joy	moviereview
5051	So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	joy	moviereview
5052	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	joy	moviereview
5053	A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	noemotion	moviereview
5054	Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	joy	moviereview
5055	Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	disgust	moviereview
5056	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .	joy	moviereview
5057	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	joy	moviereview
5058	Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .	joy	moviereview
5059	Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	disgust	moviereview
5060	Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	joy	moviereview
5061	... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	joy	moviereview
5062	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	joy	moviereview
5063	The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	joy	moviereview
5064	The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	disgust	moviereview
5065	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	joy	moviereview
5066	Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	joy	moviereview
5067	Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .	joy	moviereview
5068	MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	joy	moviereview
5069	The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	disgust	moviereview
5070	But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	joy	moviereview
5071	I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	joy	moviereview
5072	The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	joy	moviereview
5073	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	joy	moviereview
5074	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	joy	moviereview
5075	It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .	noemotion	moviereview
5076	One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	joy	moviereview
5077	This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .	joy	moviereview
5078	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .	joy	moviereview
5079	Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	joy	moviereview
5080	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .	joy	moviereview
5081	Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	joy	moviereview
5082	Buy popcorn .	noemotion	moviereview
5083	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	joy	moviereview
5084	Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	joy	moviereview
5085	The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	disgust	moviereview
5086	Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	noemotion	moviereview
5087	Veret has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	joy	moviereview
5088	Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	disgust	moviereview
5089	But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	joy	moviereview
5090	Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .	disgust	moviereview
5091	`` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	joy	moviereview
5092	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .	joy	moviereview
5093	When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	joy	moviereview
5094	Both damning and damned compelling .	joy	moviereview
5095	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay 70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	disgust	moviereview
5096	You have to see it .	anticipation	moviereview
5097	Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	joy	moviereview
5098	What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	joy	moviereview
5099	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	joy	moviereview
5100	A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	joy	moviereview
5101	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	joy	moviereview
5102	Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	joy	moviereview
5103	Consistently clever and suspenseful .	joy	moviereview
5104	It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	noemotion	moviereview
5105	The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	joy	moviereview
5106	Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	joy	moviereview
5107	Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	joy	moviereview
5108	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	joy	moviereview
5109	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	joy	moviereview
5110	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	joy	moviereview
5111	Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	joy	moviereview
5112	It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	noemotion	moviereview
5113	Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	joy	moviereview
5114	... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	joy	moviereview
5115	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	disgust	moviereview
5116	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	joy	moviereview
5117	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	joy	moviereview
5118	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .	joy	moviereview
5119	As it turns out , you can go home again .	noemotion	moviereview
5120	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	joy	moviereview
5121	This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	joy	moviereview
5122	Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	joy	moviereview
5123	Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	noemotion	moviereview
5124	The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .	trust	moviereview
5125	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	joy	moviereview
5126	This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	joy	moviereview
5127	A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	joy	moviereview
5128	... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	joy	moviereview
5129	... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	joy	moviereview
5130	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .	disgust	moviereview
5131	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	joy	moviereview
5132	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	joy	moviereview
5133	The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	disgust	moviereview
5134	The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .	joy	moviereview
5135	Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	joy	moviereview
5136	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .	joy	moviereview
5137	There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	joy	moviereview
5138	But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	joy	moviereview
5139	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	disgust	moviereview
5140	One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	joy	moviereview
5141	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	surprise	moviereview
5142	Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .	joy	moviereview
5143	It deserves to be seen everywhere .	joy	moviereview
5144	You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .	joy	moviereview
5145	Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .	noemotion	moviereview
5146	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	joy	moviereview
5147	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	joy	moviereview
5148	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	disgust	moviereview
5149	If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	joy	moviereview
5150	Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	disgust	moviereview
5151	... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .	joy	moviereview
5152	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	joy	moviereview
5153	The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .	joy	moviereview
5154	It 's about time .	anticipation	moviereview
5155	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	joy	moviereview
5156	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	joy	moviereview
5157	-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	joy	moviereview
5158	A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	joy	moviereview
5159	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	joy	moviereview
5160	The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	noemotion	moviereview
5161	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	disgust	moviereview
5162	As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	joy	moviereview
5163	Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	joy	moviereview
5164	Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	joy	moviereview
5165	While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	joy	moviereview
5166	By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	disgust	moviereview
5167	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	joy	moviereview
5168	Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .	joy	moviereview
5169	This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	joy	moviereview
5170	Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	joy	moviereview
5171	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .	noemotion	moviereview
5172	For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	joy	moviereview
5173	An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	joy	moviereview
5174	The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	joy	moviereview
5175	Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	joy	moviereview
5176	Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	joy	moviereview
5177	A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	joy	moviereview
5178	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	joy	moviereview
5179	In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .	joy	moviereview
5180	Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	joy	moviereview
5181	Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	joy	moviereview
5182	It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	joy	moviereview
5183	Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .	joy	moviereview
5184	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	joy	moviereview
5185	Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .	joy	moviereview
5186	It 's always enthralling .	joy	moviereview
5187	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .	joy	moviereview
5188	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .	joy	moviereview
5189	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	joy	moviereview
5190	A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .	joy	moviereview
5191	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	joy	moviereview
5192	Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	joy	moviereview
5193	A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	joy	moviereview
5194	This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	joy	moviereview
5195	-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	joy	moviereview
5196	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	joy	moviereview
5197	About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	joy	moviereview
5198	Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	noemotion	moviereview
5199	An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .	disgust	moviereview
5200	Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	joy	moviereview
5201	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	joy	moviereview
5202	A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	joy	moviereview
5203	Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	joy	moviereview
5204	The closest thing to the experience of space travel	joy	moviereview
5205	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	joy	moviereview
5206	If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	joy	moviereview
5207	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	surprise	moviereview
5208	Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	joy	moviereview
5209	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .	joy	moviereview
5210	Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	joy	moviereview
5211	Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	joy	moviereview
5212	In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	joy	moviereview
5213	Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	joy	moviereview
5214	One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .	joy	moviereview
5215	This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .	joy	moviereview
5216	MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .	joy	moviereview
5217	Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	joy	moviereview
5218	Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	joy	moviereview
5219	-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	joy	moviereview
5220	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .	noemotion	moviereview
5221	The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	joy	moviereview
5222	Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	joy	moviereview
5223	It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	noemotion	moviereview
5224	You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	disgust	moviereview
5225	Or both .	noemotion	moviereview
5226	Sure , I hated myself in the morning .	disgust	moviereview
5227	But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	disgust	moviereview
5228	I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	joy	moviereview
5229	Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	disgust	moviereview
5230	And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	joy	moviereview
5231	Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	joy	moviereview
5232	Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	joy	moviereview
5233	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	joy	moviereview
5234	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .	joy	moviereview
5235	Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	joy	moviereview
5236	Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	joy	moviereview
5237	There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	joy	moviereview
5238	The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	joy	moviereview
5239	An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	joy	moviereview
5240	One funny popcorn flick .	joy	moviereview
5241	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	disgust	moviereview
5242	When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	joy	moviereview
5243	Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .	joy	moviereview
5244	This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	joy	moviereview
5245	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	joy	moviereview
5246	Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	joy	moviereview
5247	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	fear	moviereview
5248	A movie of riveting power and sadness .	joy	moviereview
5249	Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	joy	moviereview
5250	Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	joy	moviereview
5251	Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	joy	moviereview
5252	And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	joy	moviereview
5253	Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	joy	moviereview
5254	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	joy	moviereview
5255	A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	joy	moviereview
5256	The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	joy	moviereview
5257	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	joy	moviereview
5258	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	joy	moviereview
5259	Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	joy	moviereview
5260	This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .	joy	moviereview
5261	Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	joy	moviereview
5262	There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	disgust	moviereview
5263	And yet , it still works .	joy	moviereview
5264	The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...	joy	moviereview
5265	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	disgust	moviereview
5266	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .	joy	moviereview
5267	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	joy	moviereview
5268	This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	joy	moviereview
5269	Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .	disgust	moviereview
5270	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	joy	moviereview
5271	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	surprise	moviereview
5272	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	joy	moviereview
5273	Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	joy	moviereview
5274	Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .	joy	moviereview
5275	It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	noemotion	moviereview
5276	The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
5277	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	joy	moviereview
5278	The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	surprise	moviereview
5279	This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	noemotion	moviereview
5280	It 's sort of in-between , and it works .	joy	moviereview
5281	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	joy	moviereview
5282	Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .	disgust	moviereview
5283	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	joy	moviereview
5284	Sly , sophisticated and surprising .	surprise	moviereview
5285	Spare but quietly effective retelling .	joy	moviereview
5286	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	joy	moviereview
5287	By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .	joy	moviereview
5288	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	joy	moviereview
5289	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	joy	moviereview
5290	There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	joy	moviereview
5291	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	joy	moviereview
5292	A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .	joy	moviereview
5293	What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .	disgust	moviereview
5294	Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	joy	moviereview
5295	The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	joy	moviereview
5296	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	joy	moviereview
5297	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .	joy	moviereview
5298	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	disgust	moviereview
5299	However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	joy	moviereview
5300	If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .	joy	moviereview
5301	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	joy	moviereview
5302	As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	disgust	moviereview
5303	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	joy	moviereview
5304	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	joy	moviereview
5305	Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	joy	moviereview
5306	Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	joy	moviereview
5307	Writer / director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	joy	moviereview
5308	If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	joy	moviereview
5309	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?	noemotion	moviereview
5310	to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	joy	moviereview
5311	A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	joy	moviereview
5312	A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .	joy	moviereview
5313	Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	joy	moviereview
5314	`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	disgust	moviereview
5315	The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	disgust	moviereview
5316	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	joy	moviereview
5317	Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	noemotion	moviereview
5318	The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	disgust	moviereview
5319	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	noemotion	moviereview
5320	Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	joy	moviereview
5321	A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	joy	moviereview
5322	Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	noemotion	moviereview
5323	It 's a sight to behold .	joy	moviereview
5324	It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .	joy	moviereview
5325	Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .	joy	moviereview
5326	The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	joy	moviereview
5327	Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	joy	moviereview
5328	Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .	joy	moviereview
5329	He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	joy	moviereview
5330	What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	disgust	moviereview
5331	There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	anticipation	moviereview
5332	Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	noemotion	moviereview
5333	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	joy	moviereview
5334	Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	joy	moviereview
5335	The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	noemotion	moviereview
5336	One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	joy	moviereview
5337	A small gem from Belgium .	joy	moviereview
5338	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	disgust	moviereview
5339	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .	disgust	moviereview
5340	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .	joy	moviereview
5341	There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	joy	moviereview
5342	A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	disgust	moviereview
5343	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	joy	moviereview
5344	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	joy	moviereview
5345	Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	joy	moviereview
5346	Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	joy	moviereview
5347	I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	joy	moviereview
5348	It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	joy	moviereview
5349	There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	joy	moviereview
5350	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	joy	moviereview
5351	Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	joy	moviereview
5352	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .	joy	moviereview
5353	Very predictable but still entertaining	joy	moviereview
5354	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	joy	moviereview
5355	Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	joy	moviereview
5356	This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...	disgust	moviereview
5357	This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	joy	moviereview
5358	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	joy	moviereview
5359	Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	sadness	moviereview
5360	Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .	joy	moviereview
5361	As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	joy	moviereview
5362	Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	joy	moviereview
5363	While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	joy	moviereview
5364	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	joy	moviereview
5365	Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	joy	moviereview
5366	I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	joy	moviereview
5367	` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	joy	moviereview
5368	In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	joy	moviereview
5369	Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	joy	moviereview
5370	I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .	joy	moviereview
5371	I liked it just enough .	joy	moviereview
5372	Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .	joy	moviereview
5373	Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	noemotion	moviereview
5374	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	joy	moviereview
5375	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	joy	moviereview
5376	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .	joy	moviereview
5377	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	joy	moviereview
5378	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	joy	moviereview
5379	It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	joy	moviereview
5380	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	disgust	moviereview
5381	As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .	joy	moviereview
5382	A melancholy , emotional film .	joy	moviereview
5383	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	joy	moviereview
5384	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	joy	moviereview
5385	Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	joy	moviereview
5386	And educational !	noemotion	moviereview
5387	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	joy	moviereview
5388	It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	joy	moviereview
5389	The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	joy	moviereview
5390	Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	joy	moviereview
5391	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	disgust	moviereview
5392	But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	joy	moviereview
5393	In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	joy	moviereview
5394	Bring on the sequel .	anticipation	moviereview
5395	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .	joy	moviereview
5396	If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	joy	moviereview
5397	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	joy	moviereview
5398	A big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	joy	moviereview
5399	... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	joy	moviereview
5400	But something seems to be missing .	disgust	moviereview
5401	A sense of real magic , perhaps .	joy	moviereview
5402	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	joy	moviereview
5403	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	disgust	moviereview
5404	... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	joy	moviereview
5405	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	joy	moviereview
5406	Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	noemotion	moviereview
5407	Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	noemotion	moviereview
5408	If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .	joy	moviereview
5409	The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	joy	moviereview
5410	Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	disgust	moviereview
5411	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	joy	moviereview
5412	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	joy	moviereview
5413	The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
5414	Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	disgust	moviereview
5415	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	joy	moviereview
5416	Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	joy	moviereview
5417	The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	joy	moviereview
5418	The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	joy	moviereview
5419	The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	joy	moviereview
5420	The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .	sadness	moviereview
5421	Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	disgust	moviereview
5422	With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .	joy	moviereview
5423	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	disgust	moviereview
5424	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	joy	moviereview
5425	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	joy	moviereview
5426	It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .	joy	moviereview
5427	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	joy	moviereview
5428	Oh , James !	noemotion	moviereview
5429	Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	joy	moviereview
5430	That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .	noemotion	moviereview
5431	This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	joy	moviereview
5432	There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics	joy	moviereview
5433	A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .	joy	moviereview
5434	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .	joy	moviereview
5435	The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .	disgust	moviereview
5436	I wanted more .	sadness	moviereview
5437	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	joy	moviereview
5438	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	joy	moviereview
5439	Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .	disgust	moviereview
5440	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	joy	moviereview
5441	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	joy	moviereview
5442	While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	joy	moviereview
5443	... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	joy	moviereview
5444	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	joy	moviereview
5445	Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	joy	moviereview
5446	A solidly entertaining little film .	joy	moviereview
5447	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	joy	moviereview
5448	Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	joy	moviereview
5449	Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	joy	moviereview
5450	A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	joy	moviereview
5451	Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	joy	moviereview
5452	A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .	joy	moviereview
5453	From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	joy	moviereview
5454	Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	noemotion	moviereview
5455	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	joy	moviereview
5456	Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	surprise	moviereview
5457	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .	joy	moviereview
5458	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	joy	moviereview
5459	First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .	joy	moviereview
5460	A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	sadness	moviereview
5461	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	joy	moviereview
5462	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	joy	moviereview
5463	How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	noemotion	moviereview
5464	It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	joy	moviereview
5465	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	disgust	moviereview
5466	What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	joy	moviereview
5467	Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	joy	moviereview
5468	Yes , soar .	joy	moviereview
5469	A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	joy	moviereview
5470	`` What really happened ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
5471	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	noemotion	moviereview
5472	Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	joy	moviereview
5473	Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .	joy	moviereview
5474	Their work is fantastic .	joy	moviereview
5475	Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	joy	moviereview
5476	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	disgust	moviereview
5477	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?	joy	moviereview
5478	, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	joy	moviereview
5479	The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	sadness	moviereview
5480	But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	joy	moviereview
5481	Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	joy	moviereview
5482	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	joy	moviereview
5483	As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	joy	moviereview
5484	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .	joy	moviereview
5485	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	joy	moviereview
5486	An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .	joy	moviereview
5487	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	joy	moviereview
5488	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	joy	moviereview
5489	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .	joy	moviereview
5490	Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	joy	moviereview
5491	Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	disgust	moviereview
5492	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	joy	moviereview
5493	The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	joy	moviereview
5494	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	joy	moviereview
5495	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	joy	moviereview
5496	What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	joy	moviereview
5497	Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	joy	moviereview
5498	This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	joy	moviereview
5499	It 's a scorcher .	joy	moviereview
5500	Bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .	joy	moviereview
5501	Works as pretty contagious fun .	joy	moviereview
5502	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .	joy	moviereview
5503	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	fear	moviereview
5504	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	joy	moviereview
5505	A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	joy	moviereview
5506	Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	joy	moviereview
5507	Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	joy	moviereview
5508	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	joy	moviereview
5509	A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
5510	I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	noemotion	moviereview
5511	Sa da TAY !	noemotion	moviereview
5512	Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	joy	moviereview
5513	I would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
5514	Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	joy	moviereview
5515	The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	anticipation	moviereview
5516	Smarter than its commercials make it seem .	joy	moviereview
5517	One of the funnier movies in town .	joy	moviereview
5518	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .	joy	moviereview
5519	By turns very dark and very funny .	joy	moviereview
5520	Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	disgust	moviereview
5521	For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	sadness	moviereview
5522	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	sadness	moviereview
5523	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .	joy	moviereview
5524	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	surprise	moviereview
5525	Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	joy	moviereview
5526	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	joy	moviereview
5527	As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .	joy	moviereview
5528	Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	joy	moviereview
5529	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	joy	moviereview
5530	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	joy	moviereview
5531	If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	joy	moviereview
5532	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	joy	moviereview
5533	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	joy	moviereview
5534	An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	joy	moviereview
5535	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	joy	moviereview
5536	Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	joy	moviereview
5537	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	joy	moviereview
5538	A brutal and funny work .	joy	moviereview
5539	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	joy	moviereview
5540	The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	noemotion	moviereview
5541	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	joy	moviereview
5542	Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	joy	moviereview
5543	The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .	noemotion	moviereview
5544	It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	joy	moviereview
5545	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	joy	moviereview
5546	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .	disgust	moviereview
5547	The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	joy	moviereview
5548	If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	joy	moviereview
5549	What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	noemotion	moviereview
5550	Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	joy	moviereview
5551	Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	joy	moviereview
5552	Hey , Happy !	joy	moviereview
5553	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	joy	moviereview
5554	You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	surprise	moviereview
5555	At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	joy	moviereview
5556	There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .	joy	moviereview
5557	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .	joy	moviereview
5558	I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	joy	moviereview
5559	By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	joy	moviereview
5560	The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	joy	moviereview
5561	Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	joy	moviereview
5562	A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .	joy	moviereview
5563	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	joy	moviereview
5564	I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	disgust	moviereview
5565	With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .	joy	moviereview
5566	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	disgust	moviereview
5567	Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	joy	moviereview
5568	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .	joy	moviereview
5569	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	joy	moviereview
5570	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .	joy	moviereview
5571	Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .	joy	moviereview
5572	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	joy	moviereview
5573	Manages to delight without much of a story .	joy	moviereview
5574	There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	joy	moviereview
5575	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	disgust	moviereview
5576	That is because - damn it !	anger	moviereview
5577	- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	joy	moviereview
5578	Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	joy	moviereview
5579	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	joy	moviereview
5580	Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	joy	moviereview
5581	An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	joy	moviereview
5582	A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	joy	moviereview
5583	An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .	joy	moviereview
5584	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	joy	moviereview
5585	Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...	joy	moviereview
5586	A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	sadness	moviereview
5587	A wry , affectionate delight .	joy	moviereview
5588	The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	joy	moviereview
5589	One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	joy	moviereview
5590	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	joy	moviereview
5591	Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	joy	moviereview
5592	And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	disgust	moviereview
5593	Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	disgust	moviereview
5594	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	joy	moviereview
5595	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	joy	moviereview
5596	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	disgust	moviereview
5597	If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	joy	moviereview
5598	Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	disgust	moviereview
5599	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	disgust	moviereview
5600	Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	joy	moviereview
5601	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	joy	moviereview
5602	Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	disgust	moviereview
5603	It can be safely recommended as a video/DVD babysitter .	joy	moviereview
5604	Another Best of the Year selection .	joy	moviereview
5605	The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .	joy	moviereview
5606	It 's a very valuable film ...	joy	moviereview
5607	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	joy	moviereview
5608	Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	joy	moviereview
5609	Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	joy	moviereview
5610	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	joy	moviereview
5611	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	joy	moviereview
5612	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...	noemotion	moviereview
5613	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	joy	moviereview
5614	Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	joy	moviereview
5615	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	joy	moviereview
5616	An almost unbearably morbid love story .	disgust	moviereview
5617	The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	joy	moviereview
5618	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	joy	moviereview
5619	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	joy	moviereview
5620	This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	joy	moviereview
5621	The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	joy	moviereview
5622	The best film of the year 2002 .	joy	moviereview
5623	An enthralling , entertaining feature .	joy	moviereview
5624	Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	joy	moviereview
5625	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	joy	moviereview
5626	All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	joy	moviereview
5627	It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	joy	moviereview
5628	Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	joy	moviereview
5629	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	joy	moviereview
5630	An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	noemotion	moviereview
5631	`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	joy	moviereview
5632	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	joy	moviereview
5633	Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	joy	moviereview
5634	A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	joy	moviereview
5635	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	joy	moviereview
5636	Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .	joy	moviereview
5637	The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	joy	moviereview
5638	Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	joy	moviereview
5639	If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	joy	moviereview
5640	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .	joy	moviereview
5641	Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	joy	moviereview
5642	This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	joy	moviereview
5643	Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	disgust	moviereview
5644	With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .	joy	moviereview
5645	You will likely prefer to keep on watching .	noemotion	moviereview
5646	Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
5647	But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	joy	moviereview
5648	What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	surprise	moviereview
5649	At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	joy	moviereview
5650	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	joy	moviereview
5651	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential	disgust	moviereview
5652	It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	joy	moviereview
5653	Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .	joy	moviereview
5654	An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	joy	moviereview
5655	Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	joy	moviereview
5656	Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	joy	moviereview
5657	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	joy	moviereview
5658	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	joy	moviereview
5659	` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '	disgust	moviereview
5660	... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	joy	moviereview
5661	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...	joy	moviereview
5662	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
5663	But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	disgust	moviereview
5664	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	joy	moviereview
5665	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	joy	moviereview
5666	Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	joy	moviereview
5667	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	joy	moviereview
5668	The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	joy	moviereview
5669	A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	joy	moviereview
5670	A tour de force of modern cinema .	joy	moviereview
5671	Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .	joy	moviereview
5672	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	joy	moviereview
5673	Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	joy	moviereview
5674	The performances are an absolute joy .	joy	moviereview
5675	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .	joy	moviereview
5676	Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	joy	moviereview
5677	A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .	joy	moviereview
5678	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?	joy	moviereview
5679	may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
5680	Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .	joy	moviereview
5681	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	joy	moviereview
5682	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .	joy	moviereview
5683	Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .	joy	moviereview
5684	Simplistic , silly and tedious .	joy	moviereview
5685	It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	disgust	moviereview
5686	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	disgust	moviereview
5687	-LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .	disgust	moviereview
5688	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	disgust	moviereview
5689	The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .	disgust	moviereview
5690	About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	disgust	moviereview
5691	Not so much farcical as sour .	sadness	moviereview
5692	Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	disgust	moviereview
5693	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	noemotion	moviereview
5694	A sentimental mess that never rings true .	disgust	moviereview
5695	While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	disgust	moviereview
5696	Interesting , but not compelling .	noemotion	moviereview
5697	On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	disgust	moviereview
5698	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	noemotion	moviereview
5699	There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	noemotion	moviereview
5700	Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .	disgust	moviereview
5701	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''	joy	moviereview
5702	Enough said , except : Film overboard !	disgust	moviereview
5703	Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .	disgust	moviereview
5704	This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	disgust	moviereview
5705	The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	disgust	moviereview
5706	On its own , it 's not very interesting .	disgust	moviereview
5707	As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	disgust	moviereview
5708	It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	disgust	moviereview
5709	A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	disgust	moviereview
5710	As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	disgust	moviereview
5711	The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	joy	moviereview
5712	The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	disgust	moviereview
5713	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	disgust	moviereview
5714	The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	disgust	moviereview
5715	The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	disgust	moviereview
5716	Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	disgust	moviereview
5717	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	joy	moviereview
5718	The action clichs just pile up .	disgust	moviereview
5719	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	disgust	moviereview
5720	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	noemotion	moviereview
5721	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	disgust	moviereview
5722	Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .	disgust	moviereview
5723	Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	disgust	moviereview
5724	... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .	disgust	moviereview
5725	Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	disgust	moviereview
5726	Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	disgust	moviereview
5727	There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	disgust	moviereview
5728	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	disgust	moviereview
5729	Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	disgust	moviereview
5730	With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	disgust	moviereview
5731	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	disgust	moviereview
5732	To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	disgust	moviereview
5733	Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	disgust	moviereview
5734	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	sadness	moviereview
5735	When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '	disgust	moviereview
5736	An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	joy	moviereview
5737	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	disgust	moviereview
5738	PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
5739	Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	surprise	moviereview
5740	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	disgust	moviereview
5741	Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	disgust	moviereview
5742	Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amlie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	joy	moviereview
5743	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
5744	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
5745	Almost .	noemotion	moviereview
5746	... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	disgust	moviereview
5747	The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	noemotion	moviereview
5748	Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	disgust	moviereview
5749	The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	disgust	moviereview
5750	Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	disgust	moviereview
5751	The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	disgust	moviereview
5752	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	disgust	moviereview
5753	Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .	surprise	moviereview
5754	Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	sadness	moviereview
5755	... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	disgust	moviereview
5756	In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	disgust	moviereview
5757	Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	disgust	moviereview
5758	What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	disgust	moviereview
5759	Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time	noemotion	moviereview
5760	The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	disgust	moviereview
5761	So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	disgust	moviereview
5762	I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	disgust	moviereview
5763	If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	disgust	moviereview
5764	Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	noemotion	moviereview
5765	There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	disgust	moviereview
5766	`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	disgust	moviereview
5767	A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	disgust	moviereview
5768	Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	disgust	moviereview
5769	The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	disgust	moviereview
5770	Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	disgust	moviereview
5771	Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-	noemotion	moviereview
5772	is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .	disgust	moviereview
5773	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	disgust	moviereview
5774	Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	disgust	moviereview
5775	With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .	disgust	moviereview
5776	One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	surprise	moviereview
5777	A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	disgust	moviereview
5778	Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	joy	moviereview
5779	But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	joy	moviereview
5780	The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	disgust	moviereview
5781	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	disgust	moviereview
5782	The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	disgust	moviereview
5783	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	disgust	moviereview
5784	Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	disgust	moviereview
5785	Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	noemotion	moviereview
5786	Can you bear the laughter ?	joy	moviereview
5787	Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit	disgust	moviereview
5788	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	disgust	moviereview
5789	Beware the quirky Brit-com .	anticipation	moviereview
5790	They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	disgust	moviereview
5791	Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	joy	moviereview
5792	The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	noemotion	moviereview
5793	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	disgust	moviereview
5794	Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	disgust	moviereview
5795	There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	disgust	moviereview
5796	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	sadness	moviereview
5797	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	disgust	moviereview
5798	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .	disgust	moviereview
5799	Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	disgust	moviereview
5800	It 's all pretty tame .	disgust	moviereview
5801	The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	disgust	moviereview
5802	The movie is a mess from start to finish .	disgust	moviereview
5803	The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	sadness	moviereview
5804	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .	disgust	moviereview
5805	In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	joy	moviereview
5806	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	disgust	moviereview
5807	Terminally brain dead production .	disgust	moviereview
5808	Some episodes work , some do n't .	noemotion	moviereview
5809	Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	joy	moviereview
5810	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	joy	moviereview
5811	Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	disgust	moviereview
5812	Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	disgust	moviereview
5813	Wow .	surprise	moviereview
5814	I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	disgust	moviereview
5815	Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .	disgust	moviereview
5816	It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	sadness	moviereview
5817	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .	disgust	moviereview
5818	It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	disgust	moviereview
5819	Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	disgust	moviereview
5820	The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	disgust	moviereview
5821	The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	disgust	moviereview
5822	There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	disgust	moviereview
5823	None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	disgust	moviereview
5824	A processed comedy chop suey .	disgust	moviereview
5825	As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .	disgust	moviereview
5826	Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .	disgust	moviereview
5827	Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	disgust	moviereview
5828	An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	disgust	moviereview
5829	The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
5830	With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	disgust	moviereview
5831	If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	disgust	moviereview
5832	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .	disgust	moviereview
5833	Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	noemotion	moviereview
5834	A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	disgust	moviereview
5835	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	disgust	moviereview
5836	It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .	disgust	moviereview
5837	The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	disgust	moviereview
5838	So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	disgust	moviereview
5839	It never is , not fully .	noemotion	moviereview
5840	Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	disgust	moviereview
5841	What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	disgust	moviereview
5842	As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	disgust	moviereview
5843	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	disgust	moviereview
5844	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	joy	moviereview
5845	Oozes condescension from every pore .	disgust	moviereview
5846	`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	disgust	moviereview
5847	The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	disgust	moviereview
5848	Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	joy	moviereview
5849	It has plenty of laughs .	joy	moviereview
5850	It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .	disgust	moviereview
5851	An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	disgust	moviereview
5852	Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	disgust	moviereview
5853	-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .	sadness	moviereview
5854	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	disgust	moviereview
5855	it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding	disgust	moviereview
5856	By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	disgust	moviereview
5857	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	disgust	moviereview
5858	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	disgust	moviereview
5859	At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .	joy	moviereview
5860	At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	disgust	moviereview
5861	Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .	disgust	moviereview
5862	This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	disgust	moviereview
5863	With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .	disgust	moviereview
5864	Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	disgust	moviereview
5865	You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .	surprise	moviereview
5866	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	disgust	moviereview
5867	Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	disgust	moviereview
5868	This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	disgust	moviereview
5869	It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	disgust	moviereview
5870	I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	disgust	moviereview
5871	One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	disgust	moviereview
5872	There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	disgust	moviereview
5873	It is n't scary .	disgust	moviereview
5874	It hates its characters .	disgust	moviereview
5875	It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	disgust	moviereview
5876	Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	disgust	moviereview
5877	The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	joy	moviereview
5878	... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .	disgust	moviereview
5879	Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	disgust	moviereview
5880	Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	disgust	moviereview
5881	The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	disgust	moviereview
5882	A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	disgust	moviereview
5883	It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	disgust	moviereview
5884	An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	disgust	moviereview
5885	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	disgust	moviereview
5886	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	disgust	moviereview
5887	Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	disgust	moviereview
5888	If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	disgust	moviereview
5889	An EXIT sign , that is .	noemotion	moviereview
5890	Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	disgust	moviereview
5891	The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	disgust	moviereview
5892	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .	noemotion	moviereview
5893	What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	disgust	moviereview
5894	Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	disgust	moviereview
5895	Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	disgust	moviereview
5896	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	disgust	moviereview
5897	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	disgust	moviereview
5898	The result might look like Vulgar .	disgust	moviereview
5899	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .	disgust	moviereview
5900	What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	disgust	moviereview
5901	It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	disgust	moviereview
5902	The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .	noemotion	moviereview
5903	Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	disgust	moviereview
5904	With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	disgust	moviereview
5905	The acting is n't much better .	disgust	moviereview
5906	The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	disgust	moviereview
5907	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .	disgust	moviereview
5908	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	disgust	moviereview
5909	A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	disgust	moviereview
5910	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	disgust	moviereview
5911	-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	disgust	moviereview
5912	Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .	disgust	moviereview
5913	Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	disgust	moviereview
5914	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .	disgust	moviereview
5915	Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off	disgust	moviereview
5916	Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	disgust	moviereview
5917	Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story .	disgust	moviereview
5918	A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	disgust	moviereview
5919	-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .	noemotion	moviereview
5920	The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	disgust	moviereview
5921	` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .	disgust	moviereview
5922	You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	disgust	moviereview
5923	Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	disgust	moviereview
5924	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	disgust	moviereview
5925	The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	joy	moviereview
5926	The results are far more alienating than involving .	disgust	moviereview
5927	Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	disgust	moviereview
5928	A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .	disgust	moviereview
5929	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	disgust	moviereview
5930	If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	noemotion	moviereview
5931	` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '	disgust	moviereview
5932	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	disgust	moviereview
5933	Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	disgust	moviereview
5934	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	joy	moviereview
5935	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	disgust	moviereview
5936	The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .	disgust	moviereview
5937	The film can depress you about life itself .	disgust	moviereview
5938	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich .	disgust	moviereview
5939	The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	disgust	moviereview
5940	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	disgust	moviereview
5941	The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .	joy	moviereview
5942	Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	disgust	moviereview
5943	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	disgust	moviereview
5944	Here 's my advice , Kev .	noemotion	moviereview
5945	Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	noemotion	moviereview
5946	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	disgust	moviereview
5947	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	disgust	moviereview
5948	Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	disgust	moviereview
5949	Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	noemotion	moviereview
5950	It wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	joy	moviereview
5951	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	disgust	moviereview
5952	This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	disgust	moviereview
5953	It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	disgust	moviereview
5954	All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	joy	moviereview
5955	A big fat pain .	disgust	moviereview
5956	A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 81/2 .	disgust	moviereview
5957	Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .	disgust	moviereview
5958	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .	disgust	moviereview
5959	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	disgust	moviereview
5960	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	disgust	moviereview
5961	With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	disgust	moviereview
5962	Mild , meandering teen flick .	disgust	moviereview
5963	Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	disgust	moviereview
5964	Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	disgust	moviereview
5965	Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .	disgust	moviereview
5966	Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	disgust	moviereview
5967	Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .	disgust	moviereview
5968	One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	disgust	moviereview
5969	With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	disgust	moviereview
5970	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	disgust	moviereview
5971	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	sadness	moviereview
5972	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	disgust	moviereview
5973	Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .	disgust	moviereview
5974	-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	disgust	moviereview
5975	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .	disgust	moviereview
5976	Silly , loud and goofy .	disgust	moviereview
5977	Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	disgust	moviereview
5978	The French director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	disgust	moviereview
5979	The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	disgust	moviereview
5980	The Pool drowned me in boredom .	disgust	moviereview
5981	It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	disgust	moviereview
5982	It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	disgust	moviereview
5983	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	disgust	moviereview
5984	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	sadness	moviereview
5985	As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	disgust	moviereview
5986	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .	joy	moviereview
5987	As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	disgust	moviereview
5988	The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	disgust	moviereview
5989	It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !	disgust	moviereview
5990	This is an interesting movie ! ''	joy	moviereview
5991	But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	disgust	moviereview
5992	The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	disgust	moviereview
5993	It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	disgust	moviereview
5994	Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	disgust	moviereview
5995	A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .	disgust	moviereview
5996	While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	disgust	moviereview
5997	Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?	disgust	moviereview
5998	It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .	disgust	moviereview
5999	... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .	disgust	moviereview
6000	This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	disgust	moviereview
6001	Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	disgust	moviereview
6002	There 's no good answer to that one .	disgust	moviereview
6003	This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .	disgust	moviereview
6004	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	disgust	moviereview
6005	There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	disgust	moviereview
6006	This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	disgust	moviereview
6007	This is amusing for about three minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6008	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	sadness	moviereview
6009	It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	disgust	moviereview
6010	This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	disgust	moviereview
6011	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	disgust	moviereview
6012	There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	disgust	moviereview
6013	It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .	disgust	moviereview
6014	After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	disgust	moviereview
6015	Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	disgust	moviereview
6016	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	disgust	moviereview
6017	They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	disgust	moviereview
6018	Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	disgust	moviereview
6019	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	disgust	moviereview
6020	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	disgust	moviereview
6021	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	disgust	moviereview
6022	Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
6023	The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .	disgust	moviereview
6024	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	disgust	moviereview
6025	The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .	disgust	moviereview
6026	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	disgust	moviereview
6027	Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	disgust	moviereview
6028	Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .	disgust	moviereview
6029	Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .	joy	moviereview
6030	That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .	disgust	moviereview
6031	Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	disgust	moviereview
6032	Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !	noemotion	moviereview
6033	It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	disgust	moviereview
6034	... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .	disgust	moviereview
6035	The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	disgust	moviereview
6036	What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	disgust	moviereview
6037	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	disgust	moviereview
6038	It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	disgust	moviereview
6039	Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	disgust	moviereview
6040	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	disgust	moviereview
6041	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	disgust	moviereview
6042	And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	disgust	moviereview
6043	If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	disgust	moviereview
6044	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	disgust	moviereview
6045	It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	joy	moviereview
6046	You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .	noemotion	moviereview
6047	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .	disgust	moviereview
6048	An infuriating film .	anger	moviereview
6049	Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	surprise	moviereview
6050	The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	disgust	moviereview
6051	The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	joy	moviereview
6052	As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	disgust	moviereview
6053	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	disgust	moviereview
6054	As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	disgust	moviereview
6055	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	disgust	moviereview
6056	Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	surprise	moviereview
6057	But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	disgust	moviereview
6058	This film biggest problem ?	noemotion	moviereview
6059	No laughs .	noemotion	moviereview
6060	Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	disgust	moviereview
6061	That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	disgust	moviereview
6062	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	disgust	moviereview
6063	It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .	joy	moviereview
6064	I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	disgust	moviereview
6065	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .	joy	moviereview
6066	Throw Smoochy from the train !	noemotion	moviereview
6067	Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	disgust	moviereview
6068	Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	disgust	moviereview
6069	A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	disgust	moviereview
6070	Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	disgust	moviereview
6071	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	disgust	moviereview
6072	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	disgust	moviereview
6073	The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .	disgust	moviereview
6074	An extremely unpleasant film .	disgust	moviereview
6075	A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .	joy	moviereview
6076	If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .	joy	moviereview
6077	A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .	disgust	moviereview
6078	Wait for it to hit cable .	disgust	moviereview
6079	Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	sadness	moviereview
6080	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	sadness	moviereview
6081	77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	noemotion	moviereview
6082	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	disgust	moviereview
6083	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	disgust	moviereview
6084	A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	disgust	moviereview
6085	-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .	joy	moviereview
6086	John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .	disgust	moviereview
6087	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .	disgust	moviereview
6088	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	disgust	moviereview
6089	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	disgust	moviereview
6090	Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	disgust	moviereview
6091	A film that loses sight of its own story .	disgust	moviereview
6092	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	disgust	moviereview
6093	The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	disgust	moviereview
6094	Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .	disgust	moviereview
6095	Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .	noemotion	moviereview
6096	The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	disgust	moviereview
6097	Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .	disgust	moviereview
6098	A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .	disgust	moviereview
6099	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	disgust	moviereview
6100	Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	noemotion	moviereview
6101	Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .	sadness	moviereview
6102	Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .	disgust	moviereview
6103	It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	disgust	moviereview
6104	Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	joy	moviereview
6105	But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	disgust	moviereview
6106	Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	disgust	moviereview
6107	All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	disgust	moviereview
6108	Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	disgust	moviereview
6109	However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .	disgust	moviereview
6110	Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	disgust	moviereview
6111	It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	noemotion	moviereview
6112	But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	disgust	moviereview
6113	Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	noemotion	moviereview
6114	The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	disgust	moviereview
6115	The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	disgust	moviereview
6116	The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	disgust	moviereview
6117	Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	disgust	moviereview
6118	It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .	disgust	moviereview
6119	Alternately frustrating and rewarding .	noemotion	moviereview
6120	It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	disgust	moviereview
6121	Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	disgust	moviereview
6122	Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	noemotion	moviereview
6123	Or intelligent .	noemotion	moviereview
6124	The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	disgust	moviereview
6125	See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6126	But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	disgust	moviereview
6127	Or that the battery on your watch has died .	noemotion	moviereview
6128	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	disgust	moviereview
6129	There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	joy	moviereview
6130	Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	disgust	moviereview
6131	But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	noemotion	moviereview
6132	Consider it ` perfection . '	joy	moviereview
6133	The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	disgust	moviereview
6134	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	joy	moviereview
6135	I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .	noemotion	moviereview
6136	It 's still terrible !	disgust	moviereview
6137	Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	disgust	moviereview
6138	It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	disgust	moviereview
6139	Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	disgust	moviereview
6140	A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	disgust	moviereview
6141	Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	disgust	moviereview
6142	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	disgust	moviereview
6143	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	disgust	moviereview
6144	The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .	disgust	moviereview
6145	Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	disgust	moviereview
6146	Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	joy	moviereview
6147	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	disgust	moviereview
6148	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
6149	Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	noemotion	moviereview
6150	It makes me feel weird / Thinking about all the bad things in the world / Like puppies with broken legs / And butterflies that die / And movies starring pop queens	disgust	moviereview
6151	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	disgust	moviereview
6152	` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '	noemotion	moviereview
6153	A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	joy	moviereview
6154	While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	disgust	moviereview
6155	About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	disgust	moviereview
6156	A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	disgust	moviereview
6157	... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	disgust	moviereview
6158	Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	disgust	moviereview
6159	There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	disgust	moviereview
6160	Absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	disgust	moviereview
6161	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .	joy	moviereview
6162	The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	disgust	moviereview
6163	Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	disgust	moviereview
6164	The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .	disgust	moviereview
6165	Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	disgust	moviereview
6166	Bond-inspired ?	noemotion	moviereview
6167	Certainly .	noemotion	moviereview
6168	Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?	noemotion	moviereview
6169	Let 's hope not .	anticipation	moviereview
6170	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	disgust	moviereview
6171	Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	disgust	moviereview
6172	Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	surprise	moviereview
6173	None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	disgust	moviereview
6174	... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	disgust	moviereview
6175	A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	disgust	moviereview
6176	These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	disgust	moviereview
6177	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .	disgust	moviereview
6178	A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	disgust	moviereview
6179	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	disgust	moviereview
6180	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	disgust	moviereview
6181	Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	disgust	moviereview
6182	It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	disgust	moviereview
6183	Clever but not especially compelling .	noemotion	moviereview
6184	McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	disgust	moviereview
6185	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	disgust	moviereview
6186	LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	disgust	moviereview
6187	The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	disgust	moviereview
6188	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .	disgust	moviereview
6189	Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	joy	moviereview
6190	What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	disgust	moviereview
6191	Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .	disgust	moviereview
6192	Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	disgust	moviereview
6193	... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be	disgust	moviereview
6194	Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	disgust	moviereview
6195	A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	disgust	moviereview
6196	One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	disgust	moviereview
6197	Low rent from frame one .	disgust	moviereview
6198	Eight Legged Freaks ?	disgust	moviereview
6199	No big hairy deal .	disgust	moviereview
6200	The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	disgust	moviereview
6201	Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	disgust	moviereview
6202	The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	disgust	moviereview
6203	` This movie sucks . '	disgust	moviereview
6204	None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	disgust	moviereview
6205	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	joy	moviereview
6206	Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .	disgust	moviereview
6207	There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	disgust	moviereview
6208	Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	joy	moviereview
6209	Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	disgust	moviereview
6210	I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	disgust	moviereview
6211	What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .	noemotion	moviereview
6212	The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	disgust	moviereview
6213	When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	disgust	moviereview
6214	There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	disgust	moviereview
6215	... hokey art house pretension .	disgust	moviereview
6216	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	disgust	moviereview
6217	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	disgust	moviereview
6218	Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	disgust	moviereview
6219	This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	disgust	moviereview
6220	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	disgust	moviereview
6221	Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	disgust	moviereview
6222	The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	disgust	moviereview
6223	Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	disgust	moviereview
6224	There is so much plodding sensitivity .	disgust	moviereview
6225	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	disgust	moviereview
6226	... too sappy for its own good .	disgust	moviereview
6227	Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	disgust	moviereview
6228	As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .	joy	moviereview
6229	As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .	disgust	moviereview
6230	Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	disgust	moviereview
6231	Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .	joy	moviereview
6232	Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .	disgust	moviereview
6233	It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	disgust	moviereview
6234	-LRB- Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
6235	Feels shrill , simple and soapy .	disgust	moviereview
6236	Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	disgust	moviereview
6237	Brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichd white-trash situation imaginable .	disgust	moviereview
6238	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	disgust	moviereview
6239	No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	disgust	moviereview
6240	A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
6241	Typical anim , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the 60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .	disgust	moviereview
6242	Below is well below expectations .	disgust	moviereview
6243	At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	disgust	moviereview
6244	... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	noemotion	moviereview
6245	Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	disgust	moviereview
6246	It does n't work as either .	disgust	moviereview
6247	Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	disgust	moviereview
6248	Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .	other	moviereview
6249	It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	surprise	moviereview
6250	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	other	moviereview
6251	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	disgust	moviereview
6252	Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	disgust	moviereview
6253	Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .	disgust	moviereview
6254	There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	disgust	moviereview
6255	The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	disgust	moviereview
6256	And for all the wrong reasons besides .	noemotion	moviereview
6257	A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	disgust	moviereview
6258	A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	disgust	moviereview
6259	You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	disgust	moviereview
6260	The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	disgust	moviereview
6261	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	disgust	moviereview
6262	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	disgust	moviereview
6263	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	disgust	moviereview
6264	So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	disgust	moviereview
6265	The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .	disgust	moviereview
6266	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	disgust	moviereview
6267	Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	disgust	moviereview
6268	Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	disgust	moviereview
6269	Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .	noemotion	moviereview
6270	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	joy	moviereview
6271	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	disgust	moviereview
6272	Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	joy	moviereview
6273	A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	disgust	moviereview
6274	The thing just never gets off the ground .	disgust	moviereview
6275	... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	disgust	moviereview
6276	The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	disgust	moviereview
6277	Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	disgust	moviereview
6278	The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	disgust	moviereview
6279	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	joy	moviereview
6280	There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	disgust	moviereview
6281	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .	disgust	moviereview
6282	Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	disgust	moviereview
6283	The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	disgust	moviereview
6284	While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .	disgust	moviereview
6285	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	disgust	moviereview
6286	Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	disgust	moviereview
6287	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .	disgust	moviereview
6288	Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .	joy	moviereview
6289	The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	disgust	moviereview
6290	The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	disgust	moviereview
6291	It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	disgust	moviereview
6292	The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .	joy	moviereview
6293	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	disgust	moviereview
6294	Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .	disgust	moviereview
6295	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	disgust	moviereview
6296	A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	disgust	moviereview
6297	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	disgust	moviereview
6298	Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .	disgust	moviereview
6299	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	disgust	moviereview
6300	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	disgust	moviereview
6301	A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	disgust	moviereview
6302	Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	sadness	moviereview
6303	Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	disgust	moviereview
6304	-LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-	noemotion	moviereview
6305	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	disgust	moviereview
6306	What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .	disgust	moviereview
6307	-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	sadness	moviereview
6308	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	disgust	moviereview
6309	Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	disgust	moviereview
6310	The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	disgust	moviereview
6311	This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	disgust	moviereview
6312	Too silly to take seriously .	disgust	moviereview
6313	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	disgust	moviereview
6314	Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	disgust	moviereview
6315	I like it .	joy	moviereview
6316	No , I hate it .	disgust	moviereview
6317	No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .	joy	moviereview
6318	This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	disgust	moviereview
6319	It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	disgust	moviereview
6320	A fifty car pileup of cliches .	disgust	moviereview
6321	It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	disgust	moviereview
6322	Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	disgust	moviereview
6323	What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	disgust	moviereview
6324	As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	joy	moviereview
6325	As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .	disgust	moviereview
6326	A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	disgust	moviereview
6327	It 's not hateful .	noemotion	moviereview
6328	It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	disgust	moviereview
6329	Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	disgust	moviereview
6330	The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	disgust	moviereview
6331	A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	disgust	moviereview
6332	The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	disgust	moviereview
6333	Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	disgust	moviereview
6334	Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	disgust	moviereview
6335	Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	disgust	moviereview
6336	A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	disgust	moviereview
6337	While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .	disgust	moviereview
6338	Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .	disgust	moviereview
6339	We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	disgust	moviereview
6340	They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	fear	moviereview
6341	They were right .	noemotion	moviereview
6342	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	disgust	moviereview
6343	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	disgust	moviereview
6344	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	noemotion	moviereview
6345	Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	disgust	moviereview
6346	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	disgust	moviereview
6347	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	disgust	moviereview
6348	Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .	sadness	moviereview
6349	Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	disgust	moviereview
6350	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	disgust	moviereview
6351	It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	disgust	moviereview
6352	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	disgust	moviereview
6353	It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	noemotion	moviereview
6354	It still feels like a prison stretch .	disgust	moviereview
6355	Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	disgust	moviereview
6356	Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	disgust	moviereview
6357	The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''	disgust	moviereview
6358	Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	disgust	moviereview
6359	... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	disgust	moviereview
6360	Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	disgust	moviereview
6361	And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	disgust	moviereview
6362	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	disgust	moviereview
6363	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	disgust	moviereview
6364	This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	disgust	moviereview
6365	It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .	disgust	moviereview
6366	There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	disgust	moviereview
6367	The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	disgust	moviereview
6368	As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	joy	moviereview
6369	One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	disgust	moviereview
6370	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .	disgust	moviereview
6371	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	disgust	moviereview
6372	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	disgust	moviereview
6373	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	disgust	moviereview
6374	Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .	joy	moviereview
6375	Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .	disgust	moviereview
6376	And in a sense , that 's a liability .	disgust	moviereview
6377	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	joy	moviereview
6378	If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	disgust	moviereview
6379	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	disgust	moviereview
6380	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .	disgust	moviereview
6381	If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .	disgust	moviereview
6382	If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .	disgust	moviereview
6383	An unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	disgust	moviereview
6384	Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	disgust	moviereview
6385	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '	disgust	moviereview
6386	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	disgust	moviereview
6387	The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	disgust	moviereview
6388	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	disgust	moviereview
6389	The name says it all .	noemotion	moviereview
6390	Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .	disgust	moviereview
6391	Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	joy	moviereview
6392	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	disgust	moviereview
6393	... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	disgust	moviereview
6394	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?	disgust	moviereview
6395	Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	disgust	moviereview
6396	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	surprise	moviereview
6397	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	disgust	moviereview
6398	aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '	disgust	moviereview
6399	A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .	disgust	moviereview
6400	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .	disgust	moviereview
6401	The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	disgust	moviereview
6402	The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	disgust	moviereview
6403	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	disgust	moviereview
6404	As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	disgust	moviereview
6405	I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	disgust	moviereview
6406	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	disgust	moviereview
6407	The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...	joy	moviereview
6408	In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '	disgust	moviereview
6409	A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	disgust	moviereview
6410	Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	disgust	moviereview
6411	The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	disgust	moviereview
6412	Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	disgust	moviereview
6413	Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	disgust	moviereview
6414	Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	disgust	moviereview
6415	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	disgust	moviereview
6416	A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	joy	moviereview
6417	The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joff and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .	disgust	moviereview
6418	The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	disgust	moviereview
6419	As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .	disgust	moviereview
6420	It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	disgust	moviereview
6421	It labours as storytelling .	disgust	moviereview
6422	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	disgust	moviereview
6423	A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	disgust	moviereview
6424	Lawrence should stick to his day job .	disgust	moviereview
6425	He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	surprise	moviereview
6426	Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	disgust	moviereview
6427	A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	joy	moviereview
6428	I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	disgust	moviereview
6429	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	disgust	moviereview
6430	Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	disgust	moviereview
6431	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	disgust	moviereview
6432	The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	disgust	moviereview
6433	Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .	disgust	moviereview
6434	Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	disgust	moviereview
6435	Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	disgust	moviereview
6436	At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	disgust	moviereview
6437	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	disgust	moviereview
6438	Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .	disgust	moviereview
6439	As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	disgust	moviereview
6440	An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .	joy	moviereview
6441	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	disgust	moviereview
6442	Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	disgust	moviereview
6443	A picture as erratic as its central character .	disgust	moviereview
6444	Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	disgust	moviereview
6445	It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	disgust	moviereview
6446	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	disgust	moviereview
6447	Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	noemotion	moviereview
6448	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	disgust	moviereview
6449	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .	disgust	moviereview
6450	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	disgust	moviereview
6451	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	disgust	moviereview
6452	Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	disgust	moviereview
6453	The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	disgust	moviereview
6454	For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .	disgust	moviereview
6455	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	disgust	moviereview
6456	A bit too eager to please .	disgust	moviereview
6457	You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
6458	Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	disgust	moviereview
6459	`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	noemotion	moviereview
6460	Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	disgust	moviereview
6461	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	disgust	moviereview
6462	` The Chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	disgust	moviereview
6463	Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	disgust	moviereview
6464	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	disgust	moviereview
6465	Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	disgust	moviereview
6466	There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .	joy	moviereview
6467	Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	disgust	moviereview
6468	An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	disgust	moviereview
6469	The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	disgust	moviereview
6470	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	disgust	moviereview
6471	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	disgust	moviereview
6472	the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .	fear	moviereview
6473	Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	fear	moviereview
6474	O.K. , not really .	noemotion	moviereview
6475	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	disgust	moviereview
6476	The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	disgust	moviereview
6477	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	disgust	moviereview
6478	Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	disgust	moviereview
6479	Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	disgust	moviereview
6480	From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .	disgust	moviereview
6481	The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	disgust	moviereview
6482	It 's just not very smart .	disgust	moviereview
6483	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	disgust	moviereview
6484	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .	disgust	moviereview
6485	In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .	disgust	moviereview
6486	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	disgust	moviereview
6487	Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	disgust	moviereview
6488	Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	disgust	moviereview
6489	After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	disgust	moviereview
6490	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .	disgust	moviereview
6491	It 's drab .	disgust	moviereview
6492	It 's uninteresting .	disgust	moviereview
6493	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !	disgust	moviereview
6494	The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	disgust	moviereview
6495	This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	disgust	moviereview
6496	A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	disgust	moviereview
6497	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	disgust	moviereview
6498	A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	disgust	moviereview
6499	It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	disgust	moviereview
6500	New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	disgust	moviereview
6501	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	disgust	moviereview
6502	When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	joy	moviereview
6503	I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	noemotion	moviereview
6504	The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	disgust	moviereview
6505	An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .	disgust	moviereview
6506	Only for young children , if them .	noemotion	moviereview
6507	Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6508	For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	disgust	moviereview
6509	No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .	disgust	moviereview
6510	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	disgust	moviereview
6511	The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	disgust	moviereview
6512	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''	disgust	moviereview
6513	Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	disgust	moviereview
6514	Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	disgust	moviereview
6515	Howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buuel retrospective .	disgust	moviereview
6516	The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	joy	moviereview
6517	It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	disgust	moviereview
6518	An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	disgust	moviereview
6519	If only there were one for this kind of movie .	noemotion	moviereview
6520	By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	disgust	moviereview
6521	The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	disgust	moviereview
6522	A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .	disgust	moviereview
6523	Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	disgust	moviereview
6524	I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	disgust	moviereview
6525	Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	disgust	moviereview
6526	I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6527	When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	disgust	moviereview
6528	Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
6529	It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	disgust	moviereview
6530	Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	disgust	moviereview
6531	A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	disgust	moviereview
6532	Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	disgust	moviereview
6533	The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	disgust	moviereview
6534	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	disgust	moviereview
6535	Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .	disgust	moviereview
6536	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	disgust	moviereview
6537	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	disgust	moviereview
6538	Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	disgust	moviereview
6539	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	disgust	moviereview
6540	... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .	disgust	moviereview
6541	Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	disgust	moviereview
6542	The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	disgust	moviereview
6543	I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	disgust	moviereview
6544	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6545	The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .	disgust	moviereview
6546	The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	noemotion	moviereview
6547	... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .	disgust	moviereview
6548	There 's already been too many of these films ...	disgust	moviereview
6549	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	joy	moviereview
6550	Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	sadness	moviereview
6551	Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	disgust	moviereview
6552	Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	disgust	moviereview
6553	` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .	disgust	moviereview
6554	Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	disgust	moviereview
6555	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	disgust	moviereview
6556	White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	disgust	moviereview
6557	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	noemotion	moviereview
6558	Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	noemotion	moviereview
6559	The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	disgust	moviereview
6560	This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	disgust	moviereview
6561	Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	disgust	moviereview
6562	The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	disgust	moviereview
6563	Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	disgust	moviereview
6564	How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	surprise	moviereview
6565	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	disgust	moviereview
6566	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	disgust	moviereview
6567	For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
6568	I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.	noemotion	moviereview
6569	A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	disgust	moviereview
6570	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	disgust	moviereview
6571	This is a film living far too much in its own head .	disgust	moviereview
6572	The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	disgust	moviereview
6573	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .	disgust	moviereview
6574	The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	disgust	moviereview
6575	Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	disgust	moviereview
6576	A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .	disgust	moviereview
6577	More of a career curio than a major work .	disgust	moviereview
6578	It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	disgust	moviereview
6579	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	disgust	moviereview
6580	To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	disgust	moviereview
6581	-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	anger	moviereview
6582	As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	noemotion	moviereview
6583	The filmmakers might want to look it up .	noemotion	moviereview
6584	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	disgust	moviereview
6585	What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	disgust	moviereview
6586	Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	disgust	moviereview
6587	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	disgust	moviereview
6588	Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	disgust	moviereview
6589	I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	joy	moviereview
6590	But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	disgust	moviereview
6591	Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	disgust	moviereview
6592	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .	disgust	moviereview
6593	... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .	disgust	moviereview
6594	Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	disgust	moviereview
6595	My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	disgust	moviereview
6596	The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	disgust	moviereview
6597	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	disgust	moviereview
6598	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .	disgust	moviereview
6599	Should have gone straight to video .	disgust	moviereview
6600	It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	disgust	moviereview
6601	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	disgust	moviereview
6602	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	disgust	moviereview
6603	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	disgust	moviereview
6604	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	disgust	moviereview
6605	Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	disgust	moviereview
6606	It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	disgust	moviereview
6607	Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	disgust	moviereview
6608	Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	disgust	moviereview
6609	Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	disgust	moviereview
6610	Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	disgust	moviereview
6611	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .	disgust	moviereview
6612	Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .	noemotion	moviereview
6613	Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	noemotion	moviereview
6614	The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	noemotion	moviereview
6615	If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	disgust	moviereview
6616	Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	disgust	moviereview
6617	... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	disgust	moviereview
6618	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	disgust	moviereview
6619	A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	disgust	moviereview
6620	Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .	disgust	moviereview
6621	Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	disgust	moviereview
6622	While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	noemotion	moviereview
6623	Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	disgust	moviereview
6624	Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	disgust	moviereview
6625	Consider this review life-affirming .	joy	moviereview
6626	If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .	disgust	moviereview
6627	But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	disgust	moviereview
6628	The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	joy	moviereview
6629	Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	disgust	moviereview
6630	Big time .	noemotion	moviereview
6631	This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .	noemotion	moviereview
6632	It should have stayed there .	noemotion	moviereview
6633	The film has a childlike quality about it .	noemotion	moviereview
6634	But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	disgust	moviereview
6635	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	disgust	moviereview
6636	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	disgust	moviereview
6637	Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	disgust	moviereview
6638	The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	disgust	moviereview
6639	The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	disgust	moviereview
6640	Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	disgust	moviereview
6641	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	disgust	moviereview
6642	The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	disgust	moviereview
6643	Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .	joy	moviereview
6644	But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	disgust	moviereview
6645	Too clever by about nine-tenths .	joy	moviereview
6646	Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	disgust	moviereview
6647	Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	disgust	moviereview
6648	Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	disgust	moviereview
6649	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	disgust	moviereview
6650	Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	disgust	moviereview
6651	Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	disgust	moviereview
6652	This thing is just garbage .	disgust	moviereview
6653	As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .	disgust	moviereview
6654	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	disgust	moviereview
6655	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	disgust	moviereview
6656	An uplifting , largely bogus story .	disgust	moviereview
6657	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	disgust	moviereview
6658	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	disgust	moviereview
6659	My own minority report is that it stinks .	disgust	moviereview
6660	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	disgust	moviereview
6661	The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	noemotion	moviereview
6662	... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	disgust	moviereview
6663	While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	disgust	moviereview
6664	With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	disgust	moviereview
6665	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	disgust	moviereview
6666	Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	disgust	moviereview
6667	... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	disgust	moviereview
6668	Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	disgust	moviereview
6669	A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	disgust	moviereview
6670	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .	joy	moviereview
6671	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .	disgust	moviereview
6672	Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .	disgust	moviereview
6673	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .	noemotion	moviereview
6674	It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	disgust	moviereview
6675	I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	disgust	moviereview
6676	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	disgust	moviereview
6677	meanders between its powerful moments .	joy	moviereview
6678	What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	disgust	moviereview
6679	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	disgust	moviereview
6680	Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	disgust	moviereview
6681	... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	disgust	moviereview
6682	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
6683	It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	disgust	moviereview
6684	Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	disgust	moviereview
6685	A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	disgust	moviereview
6686	To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .	disgust	moviereview
6687	-LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...	disgust	moviereview
6688	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	disgust	moviereview
6689	Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	disgust	moviereview
6690	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	disgust	moviereview
6691	If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	disgust	moviereview
6692	One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	disgust	moviereview
6693	The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	surprise	moviereview
6694	It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	sadness	moviereview
6695	Charming , if overly complicated ...	joy	moviereview
6696	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .	disgust	moviereview
6697	All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	disgust	moviereview
6698	It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	disgust	moviereview
6699	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .	disgust	moviereview
6700	Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	disgust	moviereview
6701	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	disgust	moviereview
6702	Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	disgust	moviereview
6703	Smothered by its own solemnity .	disgust	moviereview
6704	` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	joy	moviereview
6705	Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	disgust	moviereview
6706	After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	disgust	moviereview
6707	Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	disgust	moviereview
6708	In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	disgust	moviereview
6709	The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	disgust	moviereview
6710	Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	disgust	moviereview
6711	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	joy	moviereview
6712	If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	disgust	moviereview
6713	At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
6714	... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	disgust	moviereview
6715	A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	disgust	moviereview
6716	The characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	noemotion	moviereview
6717	Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	disgust	moviereview
6718	Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	joy	moviereview
6719	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	disgust	moviereview
6720	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	disgust	moviereview
6721	The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	disgust	moviereview
6722	Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	disgust	moviereview
6723	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	disgust	moviereview
6724	The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	disgust	moviereview
6725	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	disgust	moviereview
6726	I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	disgust	moviereview
6727	Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	noemotion	moviereview
6728	Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway	noemotion	moviereview
6729	Naipaul fans may be disappointed .	disgust	moviereview
6730	Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	disgust	moviereview
6731	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	disgust	moviereview
6732	If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .	joy	moviereview
6733	If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	disgust	moviereview
6734	Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	disgust	moviereview
6735	By that measure , it is a failure .	disgust	moviereview
6736	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	disgust	moviereview
6737	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .	disgust	moviereview
6738	Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .	noemotion	moviereview
6739	Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	disgust	moviereview
6740	The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .	disgust	moviereview
6741	Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	noemotion	moviereview
6742	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .	disgust	moviereview
6743	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	disgust	moviereview
6744	Everyone 's to blame here .	disgust	moviereview
6745	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	disgust	moviereview
6746	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	noemotion	moviereview
6747	Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	disgust	moviereview
6748	It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	disgust	moviereview
6749	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	disgust	moviereview
6750	Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	surprise	moviereview
6751	But what is missing from it all is a moral .	disgust	moviereview
6752	What is the filmmakers ' point ?	noemotion	moviereview
6753	Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	disgust	moviereview
6754	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	disgust	moviereview
6755	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	disgust	moviereview
6756	Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	disgust	moviereview
6757	The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	disgust	moviereview
6758	Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	noemotion	moviereview
6759	Draggin ' about dragons	noemotion	moviereview
6760	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	disgust	moviereview
6761	A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	joy	moviereview
6762	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	disgust	moviereview
6763	The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	disgust	moviereview
6764	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	disgust	moviereview
6765	Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .	sadness	moviereview
6766	`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	disgust	moviereview
6767	You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .	disgust	moviereview
6768	Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	disgust	moviereview
6769	Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	disgust	moviereview
6770	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	joy	moviereview
6771	... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	disgust	moviereview
6772	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	disgust	moviereview
6773	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	disgust	moviereview
6774	In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	disgust	moviereview
6775	Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	disgust	moviereview
6776	Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	disgust	moviereview
6777	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	disgust	moviereview
6778	Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	joy	moviereview
6779	But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	disgust	moviereview
6780	In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	disgust	moviereview
6781	This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	disgust	moviereview
6782	The film is flat .	disgust	moviereview
6783	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	joy	moviereview
6784	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .	disgust	moviereview
6785	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	disgust	moviereview
6786	The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .	disgust	moviereview
6787	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	noemotion	moviereview
6788	This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	disgust	moviereview
6789	The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	disgust	moviereview
6790	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	disgust	moviereview
6791	It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .	disgust	moviereview
6792	The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	disgust	moviereview
6793	Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	disgust	moviereview
6794	Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	sadness	moviereview
6795	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	disgust	moviereview
6796	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	disgust	moviereview
6797	This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	disgust	moviereview
6798	It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	disgust	moviereview
6799	Oh , and Booty Call .	noemotion	moviereview
6800	Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	disgust	moviereview
6801	It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	disgust	moviereview
6802	Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	disgust	moviereview
6803	Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	disgust	moviereview
6804	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	disgust	moviereview
6805	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	disgust	moviereview
6806	A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	disgust	moviereview
6807	At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	disgust	moviereview
6808	Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	disgust	moviereview
6809	Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .	disgust	moviereview
6810	What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	disgust	moviereview
6811	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	disgust	moviereview
6812	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	disgust	moviereview
6813	Not once does it come close to being exciting .	disgust	moviereview
6814	A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .	disgust	moviereview
6815	It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .	disgust	moviereview
6816	There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	disgust	moviereview
6817	And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	noemotion	moviereview
6818	One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	disgust	moviereview
6819	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	disgust	moviereview
6820	The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	disgust	moviereview
6821	It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	disgust	moviereview
6822	I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	disgust	moviereview
6823	Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6824	So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	disgust	moviereview
6825	The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	disgust	moviereview
6826	Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	disgust	moviereview
6827	It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	disgust	moviereview
6828	Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .	disgust	moviereview
6829	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	disgust	moviereview
6830	For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	disgust	moviereview
6831	If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	disgust	moviereview
6832	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
6833	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	disgust	moviereview
6834	Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	disgust	moviereview
6835	This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	disgust	moviereview
6836	The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	disgust	moviereview
6837	A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	disgust	moviereview
6838	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	disgust	moviereview
6839	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	disgust	moviereview
6840	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	disgust	moviereview
6841	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	disgust	moviereview
6842	Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	disgust	moviereview
6843	A fascinating but choppy documentary .	disgust	moviereview
6844	Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	disgust	moviereview
6845	The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	disgust	moviereview
6846	And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	disgust	moviereview
6847	Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	disgust	moviereview
6848	Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	disgust	moviereview
6849	The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	disgust	moviereview
6850	Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	disgust	moviereview
6851	Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	disgust	moviereview
6852	... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .	disgust	moviereview
6853	Never comes together as a coherent whole .	disgust	moviereview
6854	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .	disgust	moviereview
6855	First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	disgust	moviereview
6856	And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	noemotion	moviereview
6857	Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	disgust	moviereview
6858	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	sadness	moviereview
6859	This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	disgust	moviereview
6860	Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
6861	Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	disgust	moviereview
6862	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	disgust	moviereview
6863	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	disgust	moviereview
6864	An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	disgust	moviereview
6865	Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .	joy	moviereview
6866	Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	anger	moviereview
6867	The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	disgust	moviereview
6868	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	sadness	moviereview
6869	A film that suffers because of its many excesses .	disgust	moviereview
6870	Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	disgust	moviereview
6871	In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	joy	moviereview
6872	But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .	disgust	moviereview
6873	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	disgust	moviereview
6874	Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	disgust	moviereview
6875	` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	disgust	moviereview
6876	The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	disgust	moviereview
6877	... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	disgust	moviereview
6878	Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	disgust	moviereview
6879	It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
6880	This action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	disgust	moviereview
6881	MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	disgust	moviereview
6882	That 's because relatively nothing happens .	disgust	moviereview
6883	No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	disgust	moviereview
6884	Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	disgust	moviereview
6885	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .	noemotion	moviereview
6886	There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	disgust	moviereview
6887	Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	disgust	moviereview
6888	A moving picture that does not move .	disgust	moviereview
6889	Ruh-roh !	noemotion	moviereview
6890	Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	disgust	moviereview
6891	Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	disgust	moviereview
6892	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	disgust	moviereview
6893	` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	disgust	moviereview
6894	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	disgust	moviereview
6895	Is it a comedy ?	noemotion	moviereview
6896	A drama ?	noemotion	moviereview
6897	A romance ?	noemotion	moviereview
6898	A cartoon ?	noemotion	moviereview
6899	Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .	disgust	moviereview
6900	Did the film inform and educate me ?	noemotion	moviereview
6901	Yes .	noemotion	moviereview
6902	Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	noemotion	moviereview
6903	No. .	noemotion	moviereview
6904	And that is where Ararat went astray .	disgust	moviereview
6905	It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	disgust	moviereview
6906	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	disgust	moviereview
6907	Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	disgust	moviereview
6908	It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	sadness	moviereview
6909	Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	noemotion	moviereview
6910	Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	disgust	moviereview
6911	A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	disgust	moviereview
6912	Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	disgust	moviereview
6913	Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	disgust	moviereview
6914	The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	disgust	moviereview
6915	The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	noemotion	moviereview
6916	Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	disgust	moviereview
6917	This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	disgust	moviereview
6918	A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	disgust	moviereview
6919	This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
6920	Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .	disgust	moviereview
6921	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	disgust	moviereview
6922	In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	disgust	moviereview
6923	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	disgust	moviereview
6924	It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	disgust	moviereview
6925	The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	disgust	moviereview
6926	Worthy of the gong .	joy	moviereview
6927	While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .	disgust	moviereview
6928	I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	disgust	moviereview
6929	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	disgust	moviereview
6930	The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	noemotion	moviereview
6931	As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	disgust	moviereview
6932	Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	disgust	moviereview
6933	Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	disgust	moviereview
6934	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	disgust	moviereview
6935	Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	disgust	moviereview
6936	Oops , she 's really done it this time .	disgust	moviereview
6937	That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	disgust	moviereview
6938	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	disgust	moviereview
6939	A chiller resolutely without chills .	disgust	moviereview
6940	For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	disgust	moviereview
6941	The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	joy	moviereview
6942	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .	disgust	moviereview
6943	Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	disgust	moviereview
6944	Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	joy	moviereview
6945	The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	disgust	moviereview
6946	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .	disgust	moviereview
6947	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	disgust	moviereview
6948	It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	disgust	moviereview
6949	Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	disgust	moviereview
6950	If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	joy	moviereview
6951	Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .	disgust	moviereview
6952	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	disgust	moviereview
6953	... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	disgust	moviereview
6954	I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	sadness	moviereview
6955	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	disgust	moviereview
6956	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	disgust	moviereview
6957	Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	joy	moviereview
6958	None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	disgust	moviereview
6959	As social expos , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .	disgust	moviereview
6960	The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	disgust	moviereview
6961	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .	disgust	moviereview
6962	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	disgust	moviereview
6963	This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .	disgust	moviereview
6964	Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	disgust	moviereview
6965	Bad and baffling from the get-go .	disgust	moviereview
6966	A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
6967	At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	disgust	moviereview
6968	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .	disgust	moviereview
6969	A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .	disgust	moviereview
6970	Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	disgust	moviereview
6971	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	disgust	moviereview
6972	There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	disgust	moviereview
6973	Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .	surprise	moviereview
6974	But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	disgust	moviereview
6975	It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	disgust	moviereview
6976	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	disgust	moviereview
6977	Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	disgust	moviereview
6978	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	disgust	moviereview
6979	Was I scared ?	noemotion	moviereview
6980	Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .	noemotion	moviereview
6981	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	disgust	moviereview
6982	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	disgust	moviereview
6983	By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	disgust	moviereview
6984	Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !	joy	moviereview
6985	True Hollywood Story .	joy	moviereview
6986	Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '	sadness	moviereview
6987	Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	noemotion	moviereview
6988	But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	disgust	moviereview
6989	It 's one long bore .	disgust	moviereview
6990	It gets old quickly .	disgust	moviereview
6991	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	disgust	moviereview
6992	It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	disgust	moviereview
6993	... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	joy	moviereview
6994	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .	disgust	moviereview
6995	The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	disgust	moviereview
6996	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	disgust	moviereview
6997	We just do n't really care too much about this love story .	disgust	moviereview
6998	In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	disgust	moviereview
6999	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	surprise	moviereview
7000	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	joy	moviereview
7001	` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .	noemotion	moviereview
7002	Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	joy	moviereview
7003	But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .	disgust	moviereview
7004	Feels familiar and tired .	disgust	moviereview
7005	A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .	disgust	moviereview
7006	Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	disgust	moviereview
7007	Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .	joy	moviereview
7008	A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	disgust	moviereview
7009	A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	disgust	moviereview
7010	It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	disgust	moviereview
7011	Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	disgust	moviereview
7012	Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	disgust	moviereview
7013	An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .	disgust	moviereview
7014	Horrible .	disgust	moviereview
7015	The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	disgust	moviereview
7016	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	joy	moviereview
7017	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	disgust	moviereview
7018	Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	disgust	moviereview
7019	As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	disgust	moviereview
7020	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	disgust	moviereview
7021	It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	disgust	moviereview
7022	` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	sadness	moviereview
7023	It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .	disgust	moviereview
7024	Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	disgust	moviereview
7025	Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .	noemotion	moviereview
7026	The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	disgust	moviereview
7027	This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	disgust	moviereview
7028	... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	disgust	moviereview
7029	Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .	disgust	moviereview
7030	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	disgust	moviereview
7031	It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	disgust	moviereview
7032	... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''	disgust	moviereview
7033	ending .	noemotion	moviereview
7034	This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	disgust	moviereview
7035	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	disgust	moviereview
7036	It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	disgust	moviereview
7037	So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .	disgust	moviereview
7038	Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	disgust	moviereview
7039	It 's Splash without the jokes .	disgust	moviereview
7040	The Chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	disgust	moviereview
7041	Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	noemotion	moviereview
7042	Shallow , noisy and pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
7043	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	disgust	moviereview
7044	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	joy	moviereview
7045	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	disgust	moviereview
7046	It 's better than The Phantom Menace .	joy	moviereview
7047	But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	disgust	moviereview
7048	Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	disgust	moviereview
7049	A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .	joy	moviereview
7050	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	disgust	moviereview
7051	Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .	disgust	moviereview
7052	Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	disgust	moviereview
7053	A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	disgust	moviereview
7054	I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .	joy	moviereview
7055	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	noemotion	moviereview
7056	Two hours of junk .	disgust	moviereview
7057	Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	noemotion	moviereview
7058	Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .	disgust	moviereview
7059	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	disgust	moviereview
7060	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .	disgust	moviereview
7061	What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	disgust	moviereview
7062	The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .	disgust	moviereview
7063	... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	disgust	moviereview
7064	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	disgust	moviereview
7065	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	disgust	moviereview
7066	I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	joy	moviereview
7067	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	disgust	moviereview
7068	This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	disgust	moviereview
7069	Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	fear	moviereview
7070	But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	disgust	moviereview
7071	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	joy	moviereview
7072	A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	disgust	moviereview
7073	Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	disgust	moviereview
7074	It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	disgust	moviereview
7075	The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	disgust	moviereview
7076	The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	disgust	moviereview
7077	An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	disgust	moviereview
7078	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	joy	moviereview
7079	Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	disgust	moviereview
7080	`` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .	disgust	moviereview
7081	Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	disgust	moviereview
7082	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	disgust	moviereview
7083	Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	disgust	moviereview
7084	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	disgust	moviereview
7085	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	disgust	moviereview
7086	The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	disgust	moviereview
7087	Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	disgust	moviereview
7088	Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .	joy	moviereview
7089	With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	disgust	moviereview
7090	It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	disgust	moviereview
7091	Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	disgust	moviereview
7092	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	disgust	moviereview
7093	The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .	joy	moviereview
7094	Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	disgust	moviereview
7095	It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	disgust	moviereview
7096	In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	sadness	moviereview
7097	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	disgust	moviereview
7098	While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .	joy	moviereview
7099	Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	disgust	moviereview
7100	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	disgust	moviereview
7101	As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	sadness	moviereview
7102	Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	disgust	moviereview
7103	With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	disgust	moviereview
7104	He fails .	disgust	moviereview
7105	I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .	joy	moviereview
7106	A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	disgust	moviereview
7107	Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	disgust	moviereview
7108	By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	disgust	moviereview
7109	Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	disgust	moviereview
7110	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	disgust	moviereview
7111	The comedy is nonexistent .	disgust	moviereview
7112	... a bland , pretentious mess .	disgust	moviereview
7113	It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	disgust	moviereview
7114	A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	disgust	moviereview
7115	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	disgust	moviereview
7116	If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .	disgust	moviereview
7117	Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	noemotion	moviereview
7118	This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	disgust	moviereview
7119	The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	joy	moviereview
7120	Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	disgust	moviereview
7121	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	disgust	moviereview
7122	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	disgust	moviereview
7123	Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	disgust	moviereview
7124	To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	disgust	moviereview
7125	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	disgust	moviereview
7126	One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	disgust	moviereview
7127	Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	disgust	moviereview
7128	The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	disgust	moviereview
7129	This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .	disgust	moviereview
7130	The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	disgust	moviereview
7131	Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	anticipation	moviereview
7132	... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .	sadness	moviereview
7133	After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	disgust	moviereview
7134	Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .	disgust	moviereview
7135	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .	joy	moviereview
7136	But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	noemotion	moviereview
7137	With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	disgust	moviereview
7138	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	disgust	moviereview
7139	Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	disgust	moviereview
7140	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .	disgust	moviereview
7141	Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	anger	moviereview
7142	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	disgust	moviereview
7143	The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	disgust	moviereview
7144	One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	disgust	moviereview
7145	... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	disgust	moviereview
7146	The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	disgust	moviereview
7147	As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	disgust	moviereview
7148	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .	disgust	moviereview
7149	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	disgust	moviereview
7150	This is a truly , truly bad movie .	disgust	moviereview
7151	Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .	disgust	moviereview
7152	What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	disgust	moviereview
7153	Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	disgust	moviereview
7154	Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	disgust	moviereview
7155	Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	disgust	moviereview
7156	The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	disgust	moviereview
7157	His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	disgust	moviereview
7158	Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	disgust	moviereview
7159	... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	disgust	moviereview
7160	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	disgust	moviereview
7161	Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	disgust	moviereview
7162	Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	disgust	moviereview
7163	Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	sadness	moviereview
7164	-- but certainly hard to hate .	joy	moviereview
7165	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	disgust	moviereview
7166	It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .	disgust	moviereview
7167	- greaseballs mob action-comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
7168	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .	disgust	moviereview
7169	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	disgust	moviereview
7170	The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	noemotion	moviereview
7171	Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	noemotion	moviereview
7172	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .	disgust	moviereview
7173	In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .	disgust	moviereview
7174	Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	disgust	moviereview
7175	On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	disgust	moviereview
7176	This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	noemotion	moviereview
7177	He 's not good with people .	disgust	moviereview
7178	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	disgust	moviereview
7179	-LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	disgust	moviereview
7180	So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	disgust	moviereview
7181	One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	disgust	moviereview
7182	Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	disgust	moviereview
7183	He has a great cast and a great idea .	joy	moviereview
7184	But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	disgust	moviereview
7185	... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .	disgust	moviereview
7186	It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	disgust	moviereview
7187	When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	disgust	moviereview
7188	An overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	disgust	moviereview
7189	Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .	disgust	moviereview
7190	` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .	disgust	moviereview
7191	Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	disgust	moviereview
7192	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	disgust	moviereview
7193	This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	joy	moviereview
7194	` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	disgust	moviereview
7195	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	disgust	moviereview
7196	Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	disgust	moviereview
7197	Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	disgust	moviereview
7198	Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	joy	moviereview
7199	Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
7200	It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .	disgust	moviereview
7201	... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .	disgust	moviereview
7202	Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	disgust	moviereview
7203	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .	joy	moviereview
7204	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	disgust	moviereview
7205	Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	disgust	moviereview
7206	The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	disgust	moviereview
7207	A clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	disgust	moviereview
7208	The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	disgust	moviereview
7209	A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	disgust	moviereview
7210	While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .	disgust	moviereview
7211	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	disgust	moviereview
7212	Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	noemotion	moviereview
7213	In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	disgust	moviereview
7214	You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	joy	moviereview
7215	Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	surprise	moviereview
7216	Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .	disgust	moviereview
7217	The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	joy	moviereview
7218	One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	disgust	moviereview
7219	Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	joy	moviereview
7220	Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .	noemotion	moviereview
7221	Includes too much obvious padding .	disgust	moviereview
7222	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	disgust	moviereview
7223	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	disgust	moviereview
7224	Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .	disgust	moviereview
7225	The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	disgust	moviereview
7226	Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	disgust	moviereview
7227	Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	disgust	moviereview
7228	Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	disgust	moviereview
7229	Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	disgust	moviereview
7230	The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	disgust	moviereview
7231	Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	disgust	moviereview
7232	The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	disgust	moviereview
7233	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	disgust	moviereview
7234	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	joy	moviereview
7235	While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	disgust	moviereview
7236	They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	disgust	moviereview
7237	It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	noemotion	moviereview
7238	But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	disgust	moviereview
7239	It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	disgust	moviereview
7240	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	joy	moviereview
7241	Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	disgust	moviereview
7242	A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	disgust	moviereview
7243	It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	disgust	moviereview
7244	` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '	joy	moviereview
7245	Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	disgust	moviereview
7246	A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	disgust	moviereview
7247	The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	disgust	moviereview
7248	Who are ` they ' ?	noemotion	moviereview
7249	Well , they 're ` they ' .	noemotion	moviereview
7250	They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	disgust	moviereview
7251	They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	noemotion	moviereview
7252	, `` They 're out there ! ''	noemotion	moviereview
7253	and `` They 're coming ! ''	noemotion	moviereview
7254	Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	disgust	moviereview
7255	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '	disgust	moviereview
7256	The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	disgust	moviereview
7257	I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	disgust	moviereview
7258	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	disgust	moviereview
7259	The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	disgust	moviereview
7260	Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .	disgust	moviereview
7261	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	disgust	moviereview
7262	Video games are more involving than this mess .	disgust	moviereview
7263	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .	joy	moviereview
7264	A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .	disgust	moviereview
7265	... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	disgust	moviereview
7266	Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	disgust	moviereview
7267	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	disgust	moviereview
7268	The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .	disgust	moviereview
7269	Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	disgust	moviereview
7270	A mess .	disgust	moviereview
7271	The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	disgust	moviereview
7272	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	disgust	moviereview
7273	Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	joy	moviereview
7274	Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .	disgust	moviereview
7275	Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	noemotion	moviereview
7276	In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	disgust	moviereview
7277	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .	disgust	moviereview
7278	Thumbs down .	disgust	moviereview
7279	The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	disgust	moviereview
7280	... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	disgust	moviereview
7281	The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	disgust	moviereview
7282	The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	noemotion	moviereview
7283	but ` Why ? '	noemotion	moviereview
7284	Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .	joy	moviereview
7285	A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	disgust	moviereview
7286	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	joy	moviereview
7287	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	disgust	moviereview
7288	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	disgust	moviereview
7289	Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	sadness	moviereview
7290	Too predictably , in fact .	disgust	moviereview
7291	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	disgust	moviereview
7292	This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	disgust	moviereview
7293	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .	noemotion	moviereview
7294	Arnie blows things up .	noemotion	moviereview
7295	Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	noemotion	moviereview
7296	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	disgust	moviereview
7297	... they missed the boat .	disgust	moviereview
7298	More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	disgust	moviereview
7299	Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	disgust	moviereview
7300	The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	disgust	moviereview
7301	Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	disgust	moviereview
7302	Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	disgust	moviereview
7303	Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	disgust	moviereview
7304	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	disgust	moviereview
7305	The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	disgust	moviereview
7306	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	joy	moviereview
7307	A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .	joy	moviereview
7308	The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	disgust	moviereview
7309	Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	disgust	moviereview
7310	What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	disgust	moviereview
7311	If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .	disgust	moviereview
7312	A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	disgust	moviereview
7313	Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	disgust	moviereview
7314	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	surprise	moviereview
7315	Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .	anticipation	moviereview
7316	Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	disgust	moviereview
7317	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	disgust	moviereview
7318	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .	disgust	moviereview
7319	Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-	joy	moviereview
7320	into Scrooge .	noemotion	moviereview
7321	Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	disgust	moviereview
7322	Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !	noemotion	moviereview
7323	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	disgust	moviereview
7324	May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	disgust	moviereview
7325	There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	disgust	moviereview
7326	Where 's the movie here ?	noemotion	moviereview
7327	A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	disgust	moviereview
7328	Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .	disgust	moviereview
7329	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	disgust	moviereview
7330	Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .	disgust	moviereview
7331	Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	disgust	moviereview
7332	It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	disgust	moviereview
7333	Without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a Kieslowski morality tale , Maelstrm is just another Winter Sleepers .	disgust	moviereview
7334	Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7335	` A ' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7336	If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	disgust	moviereview
7337	The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .	joy	moviereview
7338	-LRB- E -RRB- ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	disgust	moviereview
7339	I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7340	No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	disgust	moviereview
7341	Looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	disgust	moviereview
7342	In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .	disgust	moviereview
7343	Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
7344	It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	disgust	moviereview
7345	His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .	disgust	moviereview
7346	Christina Ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .	disgust	moviereview
7347	At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	disgust	moviereview
7348	They should have called it Gutterball .	disgust	moviereview
7349	Thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .	joy	moviereview
7350	Mom and Dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .	noemotion	moviereview
7351	It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	disgust	moviereview
7352	The best that can be said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	disgust	moviereview
7353	Less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	disgust	moviereview
7354	Slick piece of cross-promotion .	joy	moviereview
7355	Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	disgust	moviereview
7356	It believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .	disgust	moviereview
7357	It all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	disgust	moviereview
7358	Villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst -LRB- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
7359	-LRB- T -RRB- here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .	disgust	moviereview
7360	It 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .	disgust	moviereview
7361	The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo .	disgust	moviereview
7362	I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	disgust	moviereview
7363	Apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in Blue Crush in one form or the other .	joy	moviereview
7364	Too much of the humor falls flat .	disgust	moviereview
7365	Detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	disgust	moviereview
7366	Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers .	joy	moviereview
7367	The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	disgust	moviereview
7368	Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .	disgust	moviereview
7369	The plot combines The Blues Brothers and Almost Famous -LRB- but with bears , and a G rating -RRB- , with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .	joy	moviereview
7370	No way I can believe this load of junk .	disgust	moviereview
7371	`` Roger Michell -LRB- '' Notting Hill `` -RRB- directs a morality thriller . ''	joy	moviereview
7372	It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	disgust	moviereview
7373	There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	disgust	moviereview
7374	Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	disgust	moviereview
7375	The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	disgust	moviereview
7376	But is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?	disgust	moviereview
7377	Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .	disgust	moviereview
7378	And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .	noemotion	moviereview
7379	There 's just no currency in deriding James Bond for being a clichd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .	disgust	moviereview
7380	When the film ended , I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	disgust	moviereview
7381	Full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny	disgust	moviereview
7382	The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .	disgust	moviereview
7383	The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	disgust	moviereview
7384	It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
7385	This movie is maddening .	disgust	moviereview
7386	It conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .	disgust	moviereview
7387	Should have been someone else -	disgust	moviereview
7388	The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .	disgust	moviereview
7389	Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?	noemotion	moviereview
7390	Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc. , be more valuable ?	noemotion	moviereview
7391	The lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .	disgust	moviereview
7392	Rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	disgust	moviereview
7393	... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .	disgust	moviereview
7394	I had to look away - this was god awful .	disgust	moviereview
7395	Even in this less-than-magic kingdom , Reese rules .	joy	moviereview
7396	Velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .	disgust	moviereview
7397	Just one bad idea after another .	disgust	moviereview
7398	Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	disgust	moviereview
7399	Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .	disgust	moviereview
7400	A movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .	disgust	moviereview
7401	Corpus Collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	disgust	moviereview
7402	The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	disgust	moviereview
7403	It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	disgust	moviereview
7404	A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	disgust	moviereview
7405	Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	disgust	moviereview
7406	Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	disgust	moviereview
7407	It 's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake .	disgust	moviereview
7408	It appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	disgust	moviereview
7409	Despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	disgust	moviereview
7410	An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	disgust	moviereview
7411	This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	disgust	moviereview
7412	Hey Arnold !	noemotion	moviereview
7413	The Movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents ' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .	noemotion	moviereview
7414	This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	disgust	moviereview
7415	Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	disgust	moviereview
7416	Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .	disgust	moviereview
7417	A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .	joy	moviereview
7418	If the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .	disgust	moviereview
7419	There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	disgust	moviereview
7420	It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie .	disgust	moviereview
7421	We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !	joy	moviereview
7422	Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	disgust	moviereview
7423	The Cold Turkey would 've been a far better title .	disgust	moviereview
7424	The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough .	disgust	moviereview
7425	The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	disgust	moviereview
7426	The ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .	disgust	moviereview
7427	Zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .	disgust	moviereview
7428	Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '	disgust	moviereview
7429	when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	disgust	moviereview
7430	While it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium , Yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .	disgust	moviereview
7431	It treats women like idiots .	disgust	moviereview
7432	Though Catch Me If You Can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .	disgust	moviereview
7433	Just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .	joy	moviereview
7434	A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the NBA .	disgust	moviereview
7435	Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .	disgust	moviereview
7436	For starters , the story is just too slim .	disgust	moviereview
7437	So much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	disgust	moviereview
7438	The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	disgust	moviereview
7439	The film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power .	joy	moviereview
7440	It has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	disgust	moviereview
7441	Almost gags on its own gore .	disgust	moviereview
7442	How do you spell clich ?	noemotion	moviereview
7443	It 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .	disgust	moviereview
7444	The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	disgust	moviereview
7445	While -LRB- Hill -RRB- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	disgust	moviereview
7446	In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''	disgust	moviereview
7447	Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	disgust	moviereview
7448	Under 15 ?	noemotion	moviereview
7449	A giggle a minute .	joy	moviereview
7450	Over age 15 ?	noemotion	moviereview
7451	Big Fat Waste of Time .	disgust	moviereview
7452	Hey Arnold !	noemotion	moviereview
7453	The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	disgust	moviereview
7454	Sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	disgust	moviereview
7455	This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	disgust	moviereview
7456	You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .	disgust	moviereview
7457	In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	disgust	moviereview
7458	Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	disgust	moviereview
7459	Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	disgust	moviereview
7460	I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .	disgust	moviereview
7461	While much of the cast has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7462	This directorial debut from music video show-off Higuchinsky is all flash .	disgust	moviereview
7463	Yes , Ballistic is silly .	disgust	moviereview
7464	Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	disgust	moviereview
7465	The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .	disgust	moviereview
7466	The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	disgust	moviereview
7467	While it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records -LRB- Sugar Hill Gang , etc. -RRB- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	disgust	moviereview
7468	Not only unfunny , but downright repellent .	disgust	moviereview
7469	Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .	joy	moviereview
7470	Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	disgust	moviereview
7471	Does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	disgust	moviereview
7472	K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .	disgust	moviereview
7473	Has a long and clunky ending ... which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence	disgust	moviereview
7474	A ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .	disgust	moviereview
7475	Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	disgust	moviereview
7476	Uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .	disgust	moviereview
7477	The entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .	disgust	moviereview
7478	The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	disgust	moviereview
7479	Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .	disgust	moviereview
7480	Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	disgust	moviereview
7481	It 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .	joy	moviereview
7482	Holden Caulfield did it better .	disgust	moviereview
7483	A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .	disgust	moviereview
7484	Oh come on .	disgust	moviereview
7485	Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	disgust	moviereview
7486	If it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .	disgust	moviereview
7487	Simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .	disgust	moviereview
7488	Not exactly the Bees Knees	noemotion	moviereview
7489	It does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem .	disgust	moviereview
7490	The kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .	disgust	moviereview
7491	Makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment ... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .	joy	moviereview
7492	The film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	disgust	moviereview
7493	Jacquot 's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .	joy	moviereview
7494	In his first stab at the form , Jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .	disgust	moviereview
7495	Chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	disgust	moviereview
7496	It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .	disgust	moviereview
7497	This is nothing but familiar territory .	disgust	moviereview
7498	In execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .	disgust	moviereview
7499	One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	disgust	moviereview
7500	A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .	disgust	moviereview
7501	Too slow , too long and too little happens .	disgust	moviereview
7502	The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .	disgust	moviereview
7503	It 's just filler .	disgust	moviereview
7504	Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	disgust	moviereview
7505	Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	disgust	moviereview
7506	A hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the Mason-Dixon line .	disgust	moviereview
7507	Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .	disgust	moviereview
7508	It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	disgust	moviereview
7509	They takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .	disgust	moviereview
7510	Barely gets off the ground .	disgust	moviereview
7511	Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure .	disgust	moviereview
7512	Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut .	disgust	moviereview
7513	At its best , Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the 60s .	joy	moviereview
7514	At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	disgust	moviereview
7515	From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .	disgust	moviereview
7516	It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	disgust	moviereview
7517	On the bright side , it contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL .	joy	moviereview
7518	Despite impeccable acting ... and a script that takes some rather unexpected -LRB- even , at times , preposterous -RRB- turns , Love is just too , too precious in the end .	joy	moviereview
7519	A TV style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -LRB- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -RRB- .	noemotion	moviereview
7520	By getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	disgust	moviereview
7521	Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	disgust	moviereview
7522	Dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .	disgust	moviereview
7523	Manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .	disgust	moviereview
7524	Do not see this film .	disgust	moviereview
7525	Minority Report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	noemotion	moviereview
7526	Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .	disgust	moviereview
7527	If you believe any of this , I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday .	disgust	moviereview
7528	To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	disgust	moviereview
7529	In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	disgust	moviereview
7530	If only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .	disgust	moviereview
7531	I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	disgust	moviereview
7532	Without the dark spookiness of Crystal Lake Camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .	disgust	moviereview
7533	It 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication -LRB- and who knew they even had any ? -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
7534	While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	disgust	moviereview
7535	For close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	disgust	moviereview
7536	To my taste , the film 's comic characters come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation .	disgust	moviereview
7537	What the director ca n't do is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .	disgust	moviereview
7538	In an effort , I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .	disgust	moviereview
7539	It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	disgust	moviereview
7540	Harland Williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .	joy	moviereview
7541	... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .	disgust	moviereview
7542	It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation .	disgust	moviereview
7543	A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .	disgust	moviereview
7544	Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	disgust	moviereview
7545	A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	disgust	moviereview
7546	Once -LRB- Kim -RRB- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	disgust	moviereview
7547	The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .	disgust	moviereview
7548	What 's next : `` My Mother the Car ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
7549	All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .	disgust	moviereview
7550	A sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	disgust	moviereview
7551	So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	disgust	moviereview
7552	What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	disgust	moviereview
7553	A perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .	disgust	moviereview
7554	For all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	disgust	moviereview
7555	A coarse and stupid gross-out .	disgust	moviereview
7556	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .	disgust	moviereview
7557	Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	disgust	moviereview
7558	There 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like Lavinia , to go the conservative route .	surprise	moviereview
7559	It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	disgust	moviereview
7560	The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .	disgust	moviereview
7561	But the power of these -LRB- subjects -RRB- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .	disgust	moviereview
7562	Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
7563	Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	disgust	moviereview
7564	Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .	disgust	moviereview
7565	That 's a cheat .	disgust	moviereview
7566	Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	disgust	moviereview
7567	This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	disgust	moviereview
7568	A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	disgust	moviereview
7569	The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .	disgust	moviereview
7570	Basically a static series of semi-improvised -LRB- and semi-coherent -RRB- raps between the stars .	disgust	moviereview
7571	Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization .	disgust	moviereview
7572	An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director John McKay can swallow .	disgust	moviereview
7573	It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	noemotion	moviereview
7574	`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	disgust	moviereview
7575	It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .	disgust	moviereview
7576	... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	disgust	moviereview
7577	A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .	disgust	moviereview
7578	It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
7579	columns from Ladies Home Journal ...	noemotion	moviereview
7580	The film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .	disgust	moviereview
7581	I 'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... Me , I did n't care for it .	disgust	moviereview
7582	It 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	anticipation	moviereview
7583	Socrates motions for hemlock .	noemotion	moviereview
7584	The script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as Hoffman -LRB- the actor -RRB- can make it work .	disgust	moviereview
7585	Walter Hill 's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama Undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .	joy	moviereview
7586	It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	disgust	moviereview
7587	It 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .	disgust	moviereview
7588	Although there are several truly jolting scares , there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .	disgust	moviereview
7589	I 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	disgust	moviereview
7590	Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before .	disgust	moviereview
7591	Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .	disgust	moviereview
7592	Like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .	noemotion	moviereview
7593	I do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	disgust	moviereview
7594	... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	disgust	moviereview
7595	I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	joy	moviereview
7596	After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	disgust	moviereview
7597	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	disgust	moviereview
7598	Its well of thorn and vinegar -LRB- and simple humanity -RRB- has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .	disgust	moviereview
7599	For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .	sadness	moviereview
7600	Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .	disgust	moviereview
7601	Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	disgust	moviereview
7602	The documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .	disgust	moviereview
7603	Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion spread .	disgust	moviereview
7604	A better title , for all concerned , might be Swept Under the Rug .	disgust	moviereview
7605	This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs .	disgust	moviereview
7606	There can be no other explanation .	noemotion	moviereview
7607	Hilariously inept and ridiculous .	disgust	moviereview
7608	Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	disgust	moviereview
7609	-LRB- A -RRB- shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
7610	Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	disgust	moviereview
7611	Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .	disgust	moviereview
7612	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground	noemotion	moviereview
7613	A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .	disgust	moviereview
7614	Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	disgust	moviereview
7615	Pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .	noemotion	moviereview
7616	For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .	disgust	moviereview
7617	With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .	disgust	moviereview
7618	It 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .	disgust	moviereview
7619	Movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .	disgust	moviereview
7620	-LRB- director -RRB- OFallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story he also contributed to the screenplay falls short .	sadness	moviereview
7621	The intent is almost exactly the same -LRB- as The Full Monty -RRB- .	noemotion	moviereview
7622	All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	disgust	moviereview
7623	No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through The Master of Disguise .	disgust	moviereview
7624	Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7625	There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	disgust	moviereview
7626	It 's not without its pleasures , but I 'll stick with The Tune .	noemotion	moviereview
7627	Miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .	joy	moviereview
7628	Despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .	disgust	moviereview
7629	More maudlin than sharp .	sadness	moviereview
7630	This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento -LRB- a producer here -RRB- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	joy	moviereview
7631	It 's slow -- very , very slow .	disgust	moviereview
7632	It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .	disgust	moviereview
7633	That 's pure PR hype .	noemotion	moviereview
7634	Characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .	disgust	moviereview
7635	Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .	disgust	moviereview
7636	Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .	disgust	moviereview
7637	Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .	disgust	moviereview
7638	There seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .	disgust	moviereview
7639	If you 're a WWF fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A.I. , you 'll probably like Rollerball .	disgust	moviereview
7640	I do n't think I laughed out loud once .	disgust	moviereview
7641	And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	disgust	moviereview
7642	It 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .	disgust	moviereview
7643	Slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	disgust	moviereview
7644	... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	disgust	moviereview
7645	The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7646	My reaction in a word : disappointment .	sadness	moviereview
7647	His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .	disgust	moviereview
7648	It kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .	disgust	moviereview
7649	Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos .	disgust	moviereview
7650	Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .	disgust	moviereview
7651	Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	disgust	moviereview
7652	For each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .	disgust	moviereview
7653	In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	disgust	moviereview
7654	I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	disgust	moviereview
7655	The vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .	noemotion	moviereview
7656	A workshop mentality prevails .	joy	moviereview
7657	It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .	disgust	moviereview
7658	Yes , dull .	disgust	moviereview
7659	Pumpkin wants to have it both ways .	noemotion	moviereview
7660	Director Uwe Boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	disgust	moviereview
7661	-LRB- W -RRB- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	disgust	moviereview
7662	Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	disgust	moviereview
7663	This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .	disgust	moviereview
7664	An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	disgust	moviereview
7665	A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	disgust	moviereview
7666	It 's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .	disgust	moviereview
7667	As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	disgust	moviereview
7668	New Best Friend 's Playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .	joy	moviereview
7669	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .	disgust	moviereview
7670	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	disgust	moviereview
7671	The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	disgust	moviereview
7672	Scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; Perdition , meanwhile , reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas .	disgust	moviereview
7673	While the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .	disgust	moviereview
7674	As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	disgust	moviereview
7675	This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away .	disgust	moviereview
7676	This is her Blue Lagoon .	noemotion	moviereview
7677	The director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	disgust	moviereview
7678	... the film suffers from a lack of humor -LRB- something needed to balance out the violence -RRB- ...	disgust	moviereview
7679	Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	disgust	moviereview
7680	An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .	disgust	moviereview
7681	Has all the depth of a wading pool .	disgust	moviereview
7682	This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .	disgust	moviereview
7683	The so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -LRB- featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer -RRB- brings back memories of cheesy old Godzilla flicks .	disgust	moviereview
7684	... the movie is just a plain old monster .	disgust	moviereview
7685	If this disposable tissue has one wild card , it 's John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish .	joy	moviereview
7686	One long string of cliches .	disgust	moviereview
7687	Fancy a real downer ?	noemotion	moviereview
7688	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .	disgust	moviereview
7689	Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .	disgust	moviereview
7690	Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .	disgust	moviereview
7691	Weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger .	joy	moviereview
7692	But its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .	joy	moviereview
7693	At once half-baked and overheated .	noemotion	moviereview
7694	There 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .	disgust	moviereview
7695	I still ca n't relate to Stuart : He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .	disgust	moviereview
7696	-LRB- Serry -RRB- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	joy	moviereview
7697	It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	disgust	moviereview
7698	By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good .	joy	moviereview
7699	Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .	disgust	moviereview
7700	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	disgust	moviereview
7701	Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .	noemotion	moviereview
7702	Exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .	joy	moviereview
7703	Its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?	disgust	moviereview
7704	The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	disgust	moviereview
7705	I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	disgust	moviereview
7706	A momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .	joy	moviereview
7707	... think of it as American Pie On Valium .	noemotion	moviereview
7708	Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	disgust	moviereview
7709	Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .	disgust	moviereview
7710	... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	disgust	moviereview
7711	It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	disgust	moviereview
7712	With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	disgust	moviereview
7713	Some of it is clever , but it is never melodic /	surprise	moviereview
7714	Better to just call it ABC Kiarostami .	noemotion	moviereview
7715	For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .	sadness	moviereview
7716	No aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	noemotion	moviereview
7717	This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	disgust	moviereview
7718	Manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .	joy	moviereview
7719	This rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .	disgust	moviereview
7720	It 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	disgust	moviereview
7721	As vulgar as it is banal .	disgust	moviereview
7722	You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	disgust	moviereview
7723	The film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .	sadness	moviereview
7724	The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	disgust	moviereview
7725	More whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	disgust	moviereview
7726	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	joy	moviereview
7727	Both deserve better .	disgust	moviereview
7728	Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .	disgust	moviereview
7729	Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	disgust	moviereview
7730	A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .	disgust	moviereview
7731	Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you .	disgust	moviereview
7732	A sometimes tedious film .	disgust	moviereview
7733	Teen movies have really hit the skids .	disgust	moviereview
7734	There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .	disgust	moviereview
7735	... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	disgust	moviereview
7736	Nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .	disgust	moviereview
7737	What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .	disgust	moviereview
7738	does paint some memorable images ... , but Makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	disgust	moviereview
7739	It uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .	disgust	moviereview
7740	just not campy enough	disgust	moviereview
7741	The movie , directed by Mick Jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .	disgust	moviereview
7742	It 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	disgust	moviereview
7743	Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	disgust	moviereview
7744	The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .	disgust	moviereview
7745	For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .	disgust	moviereview
7746	American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize .	joy	moviereview
7747	And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	disgust	moviereview
7748	It made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	disgust	moviereview
7749	Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	disgust	moviereview
7750	... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	disgust	moviereview
7751	So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises	disgust	moviereview
7752	Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .	disgust	moviereview
7753	Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .	disgust	moviereview
7754	It 's a buggy drag .	disgust	moviereview
7755	Works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .	disgust	moviereview
7756	The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	disgust	moviereview
7757	Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	disgust	moviereview
7758	Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	disgust	moviereview
7759	Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	disgust	moviereview
7760	A great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	sadness	moviereview
7761	There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .	disgust	moviereview
7762	The structure the film takes may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned .	disgust	moviereview
7763	Whereas last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .	surprise	moviereview
7764	... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .	disgust	moviereview
7765	Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .	disgust	moviereview
7766	I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	disgust	moviereview
7767	There is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	disgust	moviereview
7768	The tale of Tok -LRB- Andy Lau -RRB- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of O -LRB- Takashi Sorimachi -RRB- , the most legendary of Asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	disgust	moviereview
7769	Directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	disgust	moviereview
7770	A cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of -LRB- Besson 's -RRB- earlier work .	disgust	moviereview
7771	A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan .	disgust	moviereview
7772	Samira Makhmalbaf 's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal	disgust	moviereview
7773	... routine , harmless diversion and little else .	disgust	moviereview
7774	Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .	disgust	moviereview
7775	This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	disgust	moviereview
7776	While there 's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer	disgust	moviereview
7777	It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .	disgust	moviereview
7778	Let 's hope -- shall we ?	anticipation	moviereview
7779	-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	disgust	moviereview
7780	Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	disgust	moviereview
7781	I do n't think so .	noemotion	moviereview
7782	Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	disgust	moviereview
7783	There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .	disgust	moviereview
7784	If you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	disgust	moviereview
7785	In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .	disgust	moviereview
7786	Adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .	disgust	moviereview
7787	But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	surprise	moviereview
7788	Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation .	disgust	moviereview
7789	It 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
7790	Every time you look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	disgust	moviereview
7791	Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .	disgust	moviereview
7792	The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .	disgust	moviereview
7793	Portentous and pretentious , The Weight of Water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .	disgust	moviereview
7794	A fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz .	joy	moviereview
7795	Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot .	disgust	moviereview
7796	To say this was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .	disgust	moviereview
7797	At the very least , if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .	disgust	moviereview
7798	The actors are appealing , but Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .	disgust	moviereview
7799	As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	disgust	moviereview
7800	The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	disgust	moviereview
7801	There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris .	disgust	moviereview
7802	With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .	disgust	moviereview
7803	It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
7804	Denis O'Neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .	disgust	moviereview
7805	The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	disgust	moviereview
7806	One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .	disgust	moviereview
7807	Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	disgust	moviereview
7808	The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	disgust	moviereview
7809	With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	disgust	moviereview
7810	Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	disgust	moviereview
7811	A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
7812	Like the Chelsea 's denizens ... Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .	sadness	moviereview
7813	It 's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt .	disgust	moviereview
7814	The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	disgust	moviereview
7815	Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .	disgust	moviereview
7816	Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
7817	I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	trust	moviereview
7818	Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort	disgust	moviereview
7819	Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
7820	Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	disgust	moviereview
7821	It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .	disgust	moviereview
7822	On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	disgust	moviereview
7823	The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .	noemotion	moviereview
7824	Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	disgust	moviereview
7825	Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	disgust	moviereview
7826	The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .	disgust	moviereview
7827	Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .	disgust	moviereview
7828	It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .	disgust	moviereview
7829	Bad .	disgust	moviereview
7830	Very bad .	disgust	moviereview
7831	Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .	disgust	moviereview
7832	May reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	disgust	moviereview
7833	If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this Imposter .	disgust	moviereview
7834	Not really bad so much as distasteful : We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	disgust	moviereview
7835	The result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died .	disgust	moviereview
7836	Davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	disgust	moviereview
7837	The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	disgust	moviereview
7838	The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale .	joy	moviereview
7839	Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .	disgust	moviereview
7840	Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .	disgust	moviereview
7841	But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .	disgust	moviereview
7842	Long Time Dead ?	noemotion	moviereview
7843	Not nearly long enough .	disgust	moviereview
7844	Nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .	joy	moviereview
7845	A solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .	joy	moviereview
7846	There 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	disgust	moviereview
7847	The X potion gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	disgust	moviereview
7848	Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .	disgust	moviereview
7849	Verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	disgust	moviereview
7850	McConaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	joy	moviereview
7851	An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes .	joy	moviereview
7852	Skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .	noemotion	moviereview
7853	Who needs love like this ?	noemotion	moviereview
7854	Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	disgust	moviereview
7855	Returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , Sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .	disgust	moviereview
7856	Exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .	joy	moviereview
7857	Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .	disgust	moviereview
7858	Mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	disgust	moviereview
7859	It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	disgust	moviereview
7860	Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite , Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .	disgust	moviereview
7861	It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
7862	A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	disgust	moviereview
7863	Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
7864	I 'm just too bored to care .	disgust	moviereview
7865	Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	disgust	moviereview
7866	Not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid .	disgust	moviereview
7867	As befits its title , this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .	disgust	moviereview
7868	Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	disgust	moviereview
7869	It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .	disgust	moviereview
7870	Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
7871	Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .	disgust	moviereview
7872	A beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .	disgust	moviereview
7873	Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?	disgust	moviereview
7874	This is so bad .	disgust	moviereview
7875	Even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .	joy	moviereview
7876	I felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer , for example .	sadness	moviereview
7877	Prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this English trifle .	disgust	moviereview
7878	This is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .	disgust	moviereview
7879	The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	disgust	moviereview
7880	It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	noemotion	moviereview
7881	The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	disgust	moviereview
7882	Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '	disgust	moviereview
7883	At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	disgust	moviereview
7884	A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .	disgust	moviereview
7885	The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	disgust	moviereview
7886	The end result is a film that 's neither .	noemotion	moviereview
7887	Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .	disgust	moviereview
7888	Something like scrubbing the toilet .	disgust	moviereview
7889	Or emptying rat traps .	disgust	moviereview
7890	Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .	noemotion	moviereview
7891	Scooby Dooby Doo / And Shaggy too / You both look and sound great .	joy	moviereview
7892	/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff / Fred thinks he 's tough / And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !	noemotion	moviereview
7893	Is the time really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	disgust	moviereview
7894	There 's enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera to make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television .	disgust	moviereview
7895	However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .	disgust	moviereview
7896	The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	disgust	moviereview
7897	But it could have been worse .	other	moviereview
7898	Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	disgust	moviereview
7899	Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	disgust	moviereview
7900	comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .	disgust	moviereview
7901	... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .	disgust	moviereview
7902	it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	disgust	moviereview
7903	It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .	sadness	moviereview
7904	The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	disgust	moviereview
7905	Sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn .	noemotion	moviereview
7906	Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	disgust	moviereview
7907	Demands too much of most viewers .	disgust	moviereview
7908	The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -LRB- and torturing -RRB- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .	disgust	moviereview
7909	It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .	joy	moviereview
7910	So I just did .	noemotion	moviereview
7911	Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .	disgust	moviereview
7912	The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .	disgust	moviereview
7913	The film seems a dead weight .	disgust	moviereview
7914	The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .	disgust	moviereview
7915	For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .	disgust	moviereview
7916	A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .	disgust	moviereview
7917	Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .	joy	moviereview
7918	Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .	disgust	moviereview
7919	Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .	disgust	moviereview
7920	The ending is a cop-out .	disgust	moviereview
7921	What happens to John Q ?	noemotion	moviereview
7922	I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .	noemotion	moviereview
7923	Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .	disgust	moviereview
7924	Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?	disgust	moviereview
7925	No more .	noemotion	moviereview
7926	Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .	disgust	moviereview
7927	This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .	disgust	moviereview
7928	It does n't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind . ''	disgust	moviereview
7929	The subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .	disgust	moviereview
7930	... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .	disgust	moviereview
7931	Unlike his directorial efforts , La Femme Nikita and The Professional , The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .	disgust	moviereview
7932	The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .	disgust	moviereview
7933	Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .	disgust	moviereview
7934	This one 's weaker than most .	disgust	moviereview
7935	Audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones .	noemotion	moviereview
7936	The film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .	disgust	moviereview
7937	You can practically smell the patchouli oil .	noemotion	moviereview
7938	To say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .	disgust	moviereview
7939	The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .	disgust	moviereview
7940	An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach	disgust	moviereview
7941	This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .	disgust	moviereview
7942	Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G	disgust	moviereview
7943	Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	disgust	moviereview
7944	Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .	surprise	moviereview
7945	There is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .	noemotion	moviereview
7946	The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .	disgust	moviereview
7947	When -LRB- De Palma 's -RRB- bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst he has done .	disgust	moviereview
7948	Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool .	disgust	moviereview
7949	I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .	sadness	moviereview
7950	Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things .	disgust	moviereview
7951	All 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .	joy	moviereview
7952	The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .	disgust	moviereview
7953	If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .	disgust	moviereview
7954	Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .	disgust	moviereview
7955	It 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish .	disgust	moviereview
7956	Culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	disgust	moviereview
7957	In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context .	disgust	moviereview
7958	... -LRB- like -RRB- channel surfing between the Discovery Channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .	noemotion	moviereview
7959	A movie that , rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	disgust	moviereview
7960	Shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .	disgust	moviereview
7961	Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .	disgust	moviereview
7962	Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .	disgust	moviereview
7963	A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .	disgust	moviereview
7964	The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors	disgust	moviereview
7965	It may be a prize winner , but Teacher is a bomb .	disgust	moviereview
7966	The production values are up there .	joy	moviereview
7967	The use of CGI and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .	joy	moviereview
7968	The voices are fine as well .	joy	moviereview
7969	The problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	disgust	moviereview
7970	It 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .	disgust	moviereview
7971	Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .	disgust	moviereview
7972	Well , it does go on forever .	noemotion	moviereview
7973	This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .	disgust	moviereview
7974	Topkapi this is not .	disgust	moviereview
7975	If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?	disgust	moviereview
7976	Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .	noemotion	moviereview
7977	Equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .	disgust	moviereview
7978	I 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the 70s .	disgust	moviereview
7979	While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .	disgust	moviereview
7980	If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .	joy	moviereview
7981	A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .	disgust	moviereview
7982	Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .	disgust	moviereview
7983	She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .	noemotion	moviereview
7984	Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 oclock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .	disgust	moviereview
7985	To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .	disgust	moviereview
7986	It delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning .	disgust	moviereview
7987	Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .	disgust	moviereview
7988	I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .	joy	moviereview
7989	For the most part , the ingredients are there .	joy	moviereview
7990	But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .	disgust	moviereview
7991	An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .	joy	moviereview
7992	It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .	disgust	moviereview
7993	A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights seem dispassionate by comparison .	disgust	moviereview
7994	Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering Philip only diminishes her stature .	joy	moviereview
7995	It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part .	disgust	moviereview
7996	This is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .	disgust	moviereview
7997	... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .	disgust	moviereview
7998	It 's a trifle .	noemotion	moviereview
7999	Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8000	Arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .	disgust	moviereview
8001	Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through .	surprise	moviereview
8002	After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .	disgust	moviereview
8003	Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .	disgust	moviereview
8004	Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .	noemotion	moviereview
8005	He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .	disgust	moviereview
8006	A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .	disgust	moviereview
8007	The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .	disgust	moviereview
8008	Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .	disgust	moviereview
8009	The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .	disgust	moviereview
8010	If it 's another regurgitated action movie you 're after , there 's no better film than Half Past Dead .	disgust	moviereview
8011	So what is the point ?	noemotion	moviereview
8012	Lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .	joy	moviereview
8013	This is junk food cinema at its greasiest .	disgust	moviereview
8014	When it 's all wet , Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
8015	When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .	disgust	moviereview
8016	Most new movies have a bright sheen .	joy	moviereview
8017	Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .	disgust	moviereview
8018	The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .	disgust	moviereview
8019	You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes .	noemotion	moviereview
8020	Choose your reaction : A. -RRB- That sure is funny !	joy	moviereview
8021	B. -RRB- That sure is pathetic !	disgust	moviereview
8022	A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .	disgust	moviereview
8023	This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .	disgust	moviereview
8024	Before long , the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .	disgust	moviereview
8025	The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .	disgust	moviereview
8026	Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .	disgust	moviereview
8027	But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?	disgust	moviereview
8028	A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .	disgust	moviereview
8029	Scarlet Diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .	disgust	moviereview
8030	The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .	disgust	moviereview
8031	Flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent .	disgust	moviereview
8032	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	disgust	moviereview
8033	The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	disgust	moviereview
8034	What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .	sadness	moviereview
8035	... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .	joy	moviereview
8036	Lame , haphazard teen comedy .	disgust	moviereview
8037	It 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French -LRB- well , mostly -RRB- with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .	disgust	moviereview
8038	This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .	disgust	moviereview
8039	Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies .	disgust	moviereview
8040	Nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
8041	It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .	anger	moviereview
8042	It 's laughing at us .	noemotion	moviereview
8043	Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .	disgust	moviereview
8044	Every good actor needs to do his or her own Hamlet .	noemotion	moviereview
8045	For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio .	noemotion	moviereview
8046	It might as well have been Problem Child IV .	noemotion	moviereview
8047	Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	disgust	moviereview
8048	Both awful and appealing .	disgust	moviereview
8049	The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .	disgust	moviereview
8050	Nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	disgust	moviereview
8051	We are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .	disgust	moviereview
8052	Helmer DeVito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge .	disgust	moviereview
8053	It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .	disgust	moviereview
8054	I hated every minute of it .	disgust	moviereview
8055	-LRB- T -RRB- hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .	disgust	moviereview
8056	Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !	disgust	moviereview
8057	The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .	joy	moviereview
8058	There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .	disgust	moviereview
8059	A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .	disgust	moviereview
8060	Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England , gets too artsy in his American debut .	disgust	moviereview
8061	There is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .	disgust	moviereview
8062	Anthony Hopkins ?	noemotion	moviereview
8063	Big deal !	noemotion	moviereview
8064	We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and it was better the first time .	disgust	moviereview
8065	Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .	disgust	moviereview
8066	If this is an example of the type of project that Robert Redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .	disgust	moviereview
8067	Pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .	disgust	moviereview
8068	Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .	disgust	moviereview
8069	It 's not that Waiting For Happiness is a bad film , because it is n't .	noemotion	moviereview
8070	It 's just incredibly dull .	disgust	moviereview
8071	The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .	disgust	moviereview
8072	A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .	disgust	moviereview
8073	Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .	joy	moviereview
8074	But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	sadness	moviereview
8075	Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .	disgust	moviereview
8076	It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
8077	Despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like -LRB- Seinfeld 's -RRB- revered TV show , about pretty much nothing .	disgust	moviereview
8078	Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .	disgust	moviereview
8079	Plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .	disgust	moviereview
8080	There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .	disgust	moviereview
8081	The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .	disgust	moviereview
8082	I 've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .	disgust	moviereview
8083	I wonder why .	noemotion	moviereview
8084	They felt like the same movie to me .	disgust	moviereview
8085	Despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .	disgust	moviereview
8086	An ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .	disgust	moviereview
8087	Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .	disgust	moviereview
8088	De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .	disgust	moviereview
8089	Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .	disgust	moviereview
8090	That is essentially what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .	disgust	moviereview
8091	A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8092	If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
8093	or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	disgust	moviereview
8094	It is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling -LRB- and an uneasy alliance , at that -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
8095	The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .	sadness	moviereview
8096	You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .	disgust	moviereview
8097	You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .	disgust	moviereview
8098	Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .	disgust	moviereview
8099	Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .	disgust	moviereview
8100	Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams .	joy	moviereview
8101	Little more than a frothy vanity project .	disgust	moviereview
8102	The film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .	disgust	moviereview
8103	Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .	joy	moviereview
8104	For all its surface frenzy , High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .	disgust	moviereview
8105	The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
8106	Alex Nohe 's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl .	noemotion	moviereview
8107	The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .	disgust	moviereview
8108	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	disgust	moviereview
8109	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	disgust	moviereview
8110	IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .	disgust	moviereview
8111	For the most part , I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	joy	moviereview
8112	focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .	anger	moviereview
8113	This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .	disgust	moviereview
8114	A bit of an unwieldy mess .	disgust	moviereview
8115	With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .	disgust	moviereview
8116	The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .	disgust	moviereview
8117	The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .	disgust	moviereview
8118	A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .	disgust	moviereview
8119	... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .	disgust	moviereview
8120	... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .	disgust	moviereview
8121	... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .	disgust	moviereview
8122	It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .	disgust	moviereview
8123	It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ... well , it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .	disgust	moviereview
8124	Largely a for-fans artifact .	noemotion	moviereview
8125	There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .	disgust	moviereview
8126	Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .	noemotion	moviereview
8127	There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8128	-LRB- I -RRB- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .	disgust	moviereview
8129	First-time director Joo Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	disgust	moviereview
8130	No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .	disgust	moviereview
8131	A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .	noemotion	moviereview
8132	A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	disgust	moviereview
8133	The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .	disgust	moviereview
8134	When the first few villians are introduced as `` Spider '' and `` Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .	joy	moviereview
8135	An Afterschool Special without the courage of its convictions .	disgust	moviereview
8136	The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .	disgust	moviereview
8137	-LRB- Director -RRB- Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one .	disgust	moviereview
8138	So few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .	disgust	moviereview
8139	It 's also clear from the start that The Transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's shortcomings start to shine through .	disgust	moviereview
8140	Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .	disgust	moviereview
8141	It 's fun , but a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .	joy	moviereview
8142	There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	disgust	moviereview
8143	Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ?	disgust	moviereview
8144	That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .	disgust	moviereview
8145	I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .	disgust	moviereview
8146	The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .	disgust	moviereview
8147	I wonder what the reaction of Israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .	disgust	moviereview
8148	The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .	disgust	moviereview
8149	Immediately .	noemotion	moviereview
8150	Human Nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .	disgust	moviereview
8151	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .	disgust	moviereview
8152	Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it	disgust	moviereview
8153	The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .	disgust	moviereview
8154	... -LRB- a -RRB- strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .	disgust	moviereview
8155	A sour , nasty offering .	disgust	moviereview
8156	Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .	disgust	moviereview
8157	Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .	disgust	moviereview
8158	It tells more than it shows .	noemotion	moviereview
8159	Earnest falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .	disgust	moviereview
8160	The film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .	disgust	moviereview
8161	Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .	disgust	moviereview
8162	Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .	disgust	moviereview
8163	Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .	disgust	moviereview
8164	Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .	disgust	moviereview
8165	Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .	disgust	moviereview
8166	This is really just another genre picture .	disgust	moviereview
8167	Each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .	disgust	moviereview
8168	William Shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...	joy	moviereview
8169	A trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .	anticipation	moviereview
8170	Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .	disgust	moviereview
8171	Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but -LRB- writer/director -RRB- Schaeffer should follow his titular advice	disgust	moviereview
8172	Both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent I Spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .	disgust	moviereview
8173	`` Collateral Damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief	disgust	moviereview
8174	` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .	disgust	moviereview
8175	A waste of good performances .	disgust	moviereview
8176	A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .	disgust	moviereview
8177	I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '	disgust	moviereview
8178	But I was n't .	noemotion	moviereview
8179	As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .	disgust	moviereview
8180	Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .	disgust	moviereview
8181	The essential problem in Orange County is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .	disgust	moviereview
8182	Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .	disgust	moviereview
8183	There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .	disgust	moviereview
8184	Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .	disgust	moviereview
8185	Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?	disgust	moviereview
8186	A broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .	joy	moviereview
8187	... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .	disgust	moviereview
8188	Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .	disgust	moviereview
8189	Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .	joy	moviereview
8190	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .	disgust	moviereview
8191	Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly -LRB- like one of Hubert 's punches -RRB- , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .	joy	moviereview
8192	Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .	surprise	moviereview
8193	This ill-fitting Tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .	disgust	moviereview
8194	The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .	disgust	moviereview
8195	Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .	disgust	moviereview
8196	Kidman is really the only thing that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth -LRB- Mojo -RRB- that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world .	sadness	moviereview
8197	Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .	disgust	moviereview
8198	This time Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .	disgust	moviereview
8199	An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .	joy	moviereview
8200	It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .	disgust	moviereview
8201	`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	disgust	moviereview
8202	` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	disgust	moviereview
8203	Too bad .	disgust	moviereview
8204	Frenetic but not really funny .	disgust	moviereview
8205	Taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .	disgust	moviereview
8206	If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .	disgust	moviereview
8207	A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .	disgust	moviereview
8208	Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .	disgust	moviereview
8209	You could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .	disgust	moviereview
8210	Director Clare Kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .	noemotion	moviereview
8211	New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .	disgust	moviereview
8212	Wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together	disgust	moviereview
8213	The thrill is -LRB- long -RRB- gone .	disgust	moviereview
8214	Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .	disgust	moviereview
8215	Part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .	disgust	moviereview
8216	Godawful boring slug of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
8217	Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .	disgust	moviereview
8218	Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .	disgust	moviereview
8219	... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .	disgust	moviereview
8220	It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made Eurotrash cult object .	disgust	moviereview
8221	It is also , at times , curiously moving .	joy	moviereview
8222	The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .	disgust	moviereview
8223	Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .	disgust	moviereview
8224	Some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .	disgust	moviereview
8225	Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .	disgust	moviereview
8226	But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .	disgust	moviereview
8227	Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .	disgust	moviereview
8228	Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .	disgust	moviereview
8229	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	disgust	moviereview
8230	Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .	disgust	moviereview
8231	Accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .	noemotion	moviereview
8232	For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .	disgust	moviereview
8233	A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .	disgust	moviereview
8234	One groan-inducing familiarity begets another .	disgust	moviereview
8235	Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .	disgust	moviereview
8236	Great story , bad idea for a movie .	disgust	moviereview
8237	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .	disgust	moviereview
8238	There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .	disgust	moviereview
8239	It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .	disgust	moviereview
8240	`` My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''	disgust	moviereview
8241	Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .	noemotion	moviereview
8242	A dreadful live-action movie .	disgust	moviereview
8243	Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .	disgust	moviereview
8244	An earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the 60s .	disgust	moviereview
8245	A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations .	disgust	moviereview
8246	All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .	disgust	moviereview
8247	Between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .	disgust	moviereview
8248	If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .	disgust	moviereview
8249	Despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .	disgust	moviereview
8250	Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .	disgust	moviereview
8251	A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .	disgust	moviereview
8252	Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .	disgust	moviereview
8253	Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
8254	Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .	disgust	moviereview
8255	Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .	disgust	moviereview
8256	The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .	disgust	moviereview
8257	Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .	joy	moviereview
8258	Scotland , PA. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .	disgust	moviereview
8259	It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .	disgust	moviereview
8260	The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .	disgust	moviereview
8261	It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .	disgust	moviereview
8262	I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .	disgust	moviereview
8263	A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .	disgust	moviereview
8264	What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender .	disgust	moviereview
8265	But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .	disgust	moviereview
8266	With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .	sadness	moviereview
8267	Flaunts its quirky excesses like a New Year 's Eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .	disgust	moviereview
8268	Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .	disgust	moviereview
8269	... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	disgust	moviereview
8270	Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco 's last album ?	noemotion	moviereview
8271	Faultlessly professional but finally slight .	joy	moviereview
8272	Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .	disgust	moviereview
8273	It 's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .	disgust	moviereview
8274	Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp .	disgust	moviereview
8275	Some studio pizazz might have helped .	disgust	moviereview
8276	When Perry fists a bull at the Moore Farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .	joy	moviereview
8277	There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .	disgust	moviereview
8278	Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .	disgust	moviereview
8279	The cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra .	disgust	moviereview
8280	... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .	disgust	moviereview
8281	The tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .	noemotion	moviereview
8282	If we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .	disgust	moviereview
8283	A modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	disgust	moviereview
8284	Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .	disgust	moviereview
8285	Morrissette 's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it does n't signify a whole lot either .	disgust	moviereview
8286	There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .	disgust	moviereview
8287	All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .	noemotion	moviereview
8288	Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty .	joy	moviereview
8289	Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .	disgust	moviereview
8290	This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .	disgust	moviereview
8291	This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .	disgust	moviereview
8292	Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .	disgust	moviereview
8293	Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .	disgust	moviereview
8294	So clichd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .	disgust	moviereview
8295	It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	joy	moviereview
8296	It might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track .	disgust	moviereview
8297	When the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .	disgust	moviereview
8298	Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .	disgust	moviereview
8299	The movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .	disgust	moviereview
8300	-LRB- Davis -RRB- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .	joy	moviereview
8301	Does n't amount to much of anything .	disgust	moviereview
8302	Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film	disgust	moviereview
8303	So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .	disgust	moviereview
8304	The truth is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	disgust	moviereview
8305	Enduring love but exhausting cinema .	disgust	moviereview
8306	Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .	disgust	moviereview
8307	A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8308	A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	disgust	moviereview
8309	A little too pat for its own good .	sadness	moviereview
8310	There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .	disgust	moviereview
8311	Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .	disgust	moviereview
8312	Well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .	disgust	moviereview
8313	What would Jesus do if He was a film director ?	noemotion	moviereview
8314	He 'd create a movie better than this .	disgust	moviereview
8315	When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .	disgust	moviereview
8316	A very bad sign .	disgust	moviereview
8317	It 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .	disgust	moviereview
8318	Ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the Russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .	joy	moviereview
8319	Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .	disgust	moviereview
8320	Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .	joy	moviereview
8321	Almost everything else is wan .	disgust	moviereview
8322	I 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .	disgust	moviereview
8323	Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .	disgust	moviereview
8324	So relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .	joy	moviereview
8325	The title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .	noemotion	moviereview
8326	The makers of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood should offer a free ticket -LRB- second prize , of course , two free tickets -RRB- to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .	disgust	moviereview
8327	God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .	disgust	moviereview
8328	Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .	disgust	moviereview
8329	Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .	disgust	moviereview
8330	It 's just a silly black genre spoof .	disgust	moviereview
8331	The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .	noemotion	moviereview
8332	Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .	disgust	moviereview
8333	You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .	disgust	moviereview
8334	Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .	disgust	moviereview
8335	Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .	disgust	moviereview
8336	A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking .	joy	moviereview
8337	The movie bounces all over the map .	disgust	moviereview
8338	But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .	noemotion	moviereview
8339	It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .	disgust	moviereview
8340	Not always too whimsical for its own good -LRB- but enough to do harm -RRB- , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .	disgust	moviereview
8341	`` Juwanna Mann ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
8342	No thanks .	noemotion	moviereview
8343	Wewannour money back , actually .	disgust	moviereview
8344	It 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .	disgust	moviereview
8345	You 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .	noemotion	moviereview
8346	Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .	sadness	moviereview
8347	Some actors steal scenes .	joy	moviereview
8348	Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .	disgust	moviereview
8349	This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .	disgust	moviereview
8350	Sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .	disgust	moviereview
8351	The enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .	sadness	moviereview
8352	Begins as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .	disgust	moviereview
8353	A monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .	disgust	moviereview
8354	Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .	joy	moviereview
8355	The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .	disgust	moviereview
8356	There 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .	disgust	moviereview
8357	In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .	noemotion	moviereview
8358	Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .	noemotion	moviereview
8359	The furious coherence that -LRB- DeNiro -RRB- brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .	disgust	moviereview
8360	Oh , it 's extreme , all right .	disgust	moviereview
8361	Extremely dumb .	disgust	moviereview
8362	Extremely confusing .	disgust	moviereview
8363	Extremely boring .	disgust	moviereview
8364	We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	disgust	moviereview
8365	For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless .	disgust	moviereview
8366	One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .	surprise	moviereview
8367	What happened with Pluto Nash ?	noemotion	moviereview
8368	How did it ever get made ?	disgust	moviereview
8369	We may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .	joy	moviereview
8370	Opens as promising as any war/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''	disgust	moviereview
8371	The result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .	disgust	moviereview
8372	These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
8373	A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan .	disgust	moviereview
8374	Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	disgust	moviereview
8375	How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?	disgust	moviereview
8376	Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .	disgust	moviereview
8377	With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	disgust	moviereview
8378	Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer .	disgust	moviereview
8379	A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	disgust	moviereview
8380	The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .	disgust	moviereview
8381	It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .	disgust	moviereview
8382	It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .	noemotion	moviereview
8383	It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .	disgust	moviereview
8384	Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .	disgust	moviereview
8385	This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .	disgust	moviereview
8386	John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .	disgust	moviereview
8387	It 's also stupider .	disgust	moviereview
8388	Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .	disgust	moviereview
8389	Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	disgust	moviereview
8390	As -LRB- the characters -RRB- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .	disgust	moviereview
8391	The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .	disgust	moviereview
8392	Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	disgust	moviereview
8393	Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .	disgust	moviereview
8394	The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .	disgust	moviereview
8395	Anyone who can count to five -LRB- the film 's target market ? -RRB-	disgust	moviereview
8396	can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .	disgust	moviereview
8397	All this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .	disgust	moviereview
8398	Demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .	disgust	moviereview
8399	This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	disgust	moviereview
8400	-LRB- Plays -RRB- in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .	disgust	moviereview
8401	The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .	disgust	moviereview
8402	Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .	disgust	moviereview
8403	A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .	disgust	moviereview
8404	Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .	disgust	moviereview
8405	If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .	disgust	moviereview
8406	Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .	disgust	moviereview
8407	It would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .	disgust	moviereview
8408	Theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?	disgust	moviereview
8409	All that -LRB- Powerpuff Girls -RRB- charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .	disgust	moviereview
8410	Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .	disgust	moviereview
8411	The ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .	sadness	moviereview
8412	Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 / 11 , an antique , in the end .	sadness	moviereview
8413	As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .	disgust	moviereview
8414	Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .	disgust	moviereview
8415	Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .	disgust	moviereview
8416	A great idea becomes a not-great movie .	disgust	moviereview
8417	... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .	disgust	moviereview
8418	And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .	noemotion	moviereview
8419	By the end , I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .	disgust	moviereview
8420	Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .	disgust	moviereview
8421	Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .	noemotion	moviereview
8422	Life is a crock -- or something like it .	disgust	moviereview
8423	Made by jackasses for jackasses .	disgust	moviereview
8424	Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .	disgust	moviereview
8425	The picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .	disgust	moviereview
8426	Bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .	disgust	moviereview
8427	Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .	disgust	moviereview
8428	A bravura exercise in emptiness .	disgust	moviereview
8429	Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .	disgust	moviereview
8430	Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .	disgust	moviereview
8431	All prints of this film should be sent to and buried on Pluto .	disgust	moviereview
8432	Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .	disgust	moviereview
8433	First good , then bothersome .	disgust	moviereview
8434	Excellent acting and direction .	joy	moviereview
8435	This goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring	disgust	moviereview
8436	It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .	disgust	moviereview
8437	Even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .	disgust	moviereview
8438	So routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program .	disgust	moviereview
8439	Sunshine State lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .	disgust	moviereview
8440	Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .	disgust	moviereview
8441	A long-winded , predictable scenario .	disgust	moviereview
8442	Too close to Phantom Menace for comfort .	disgust	moviereview
8443	Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .	disgust	moviereview
8444	Too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
8445	This movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .	noemotion	moviereview
8446	It smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .	disgust	moviereview
8447	Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee .	noemotion	moviereview
8448	Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .	noemotion	moviereview
8449	At the bottom rung of the series ' entries .	disgust	moviereview
8450	A real clunker .	disgust	moviereview
8451	A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .	disgust	moviereview
8452	A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .	disgust	moviereview
8453	The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .	disgust	moviereview
8454	Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .	disgust	moviereview
8455	... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .	disgust	moviereview
8456	A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .	disgust	moviereview
8457	Lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .	noemotion	moviereview
8458	As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .	disgust	moviereview
8459	Will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings .	sadness	moviereview
8460	Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .	disgust	moviereview
8461	Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .	disgust	moviereview
8462	... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .	disgust	moviereview
8463	The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	disgust	moviereview
8464	If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .	disgust	moviereview
8465	It virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	disgust	moviereview
8466	An instant candidate for worst movie of the year .	disgust	moviereview
8467	Despite its title , Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .	disgust	moviereview
8468	Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	disgust	moviereview
8469	Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .	disgust	moviereview
8470	What kids will discover is a new collectible .	noemotion	moviereview
8471	What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .	disgust	moviereview
8472	Beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ... -LRB- but -RRB- the script goes wrong at several key junctures .	disgust	moviereview
8473	Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .	disgust	moviereview
8474	Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .	disgust	moviereview
8475	Drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .	disgust	moviereview
8476	There 's a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone to The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion .	sadness	moviereview
8477	Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .	disgust	moviereview
8478	Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .	disgust	moviereview
8479	The attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .	joy	moviereview
8480	There 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	sadness	moviereview
8481	Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .	disgust	moviereview
8482	When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .	disgust	moviereview
8483	Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .	disgust	moviereview
8484	Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .	disgust	moviereview
8485	The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .	disgust	moviereview
8486	-LRB- It 's -RRB- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .	disgust	moviereview
8487	The latest installment in the Pokemon canon , Pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace .	surprise	moviereview
8488	Taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .	disgust	moviereview
8489	But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .	disgust	moviereview
8490	If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .	disgust	moviereview
8491	The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .	disgust	moviereview
8492	Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .	disgust	moviereview
8493	Overly stylized with lots of flash black - & - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , -LRB- it 's -RRB- at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring .	disgust	moviereview
8494	What is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , The Selection , became in its final form .	disgust	moviereview
8495	If this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .	disgust	moviereview
8496	Had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .	disgust	moviereview
8497	These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .	disgust	moviereview
8498	Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno .	disgust	moviereview
8499	It does n't quite work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering .	anticipation	moviereview
8500	Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
8501	The director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -LRB- most notably wretched sound design -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
8502	About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .	disgust	moviereview
8503	Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .	surprise	moviereview
8504	Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .	disgust	moviereview
8505	Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .	disgust	moviereview
8506	The noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .	disgust	moviereview
8507	To portray modern women the way director Davis has done is just unthinkable .	disgust	moviereview
8508	Too simple for its own good .	disgust	moviereview
8509	Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .	disgust	moviereview
8510	A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .	disgust	moviereview
8511	Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .	disgust	moviereview
8512	The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .	disgust	moviereview
8513	All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .	disgust	moviereview
8514	A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .	disgust	moviereview
8515	Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	disgust	moviereview
8516	Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	disgust	moviereview
8517	Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	disgust	moviereview
8518	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	disgust	moviereview
8519	Any rock pile will do for a set .	noemotion	moviereview
8520	Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	disgust	moviereview
8521	The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	disgust	moviereview
8522	A subtle variation on I Spit On Your Grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .	noemotion	moviereview
8523	Reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad .	disgust	moviereview
8524	As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .	disgust	moviereview
8525	If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler .	disgust	moviereview
8526	The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .	disgust	moviereview
8527	A tough go , but Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .	joy	moviereview
8528	An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma .	disgust	moviereview
8529	Too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .	disgust	moviereview
8530	Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ?	noemotion	moviereview
8531	Ridiculous .	disgust	moviereview
8532	What 's next ?	anticipation	moviereview
8533	D.J. Qualls as Indiana Jones ?	noemotion	moviereview
8534	Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?	noemotion	moviereview
8535	The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .	disgust	moviereview
8536	The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .	noemotion	moviereview
8537	These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .	disgust	moviereview
8538	If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .	disgust	moviereview
8539	This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .	disgust	moviereview
8540	I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .	disgust	moviereview
8541	Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his Rules is barely worth following .	disgust	moviereview
8542	The average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town America .	disgust	moviereview
8543	No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .	disgust	moviereview
8544	The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	disgust	moviereview
8545	At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .	disgust	moviereview
8546	Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .	disgust	moviereview
8547	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .	disgust	moviereview
8548	Technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .	disgust	moviereview
8549	The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .	disgust	moviereview
8550	The parts are better than the whole -LRB- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
8551	While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .	joy	moviereview
8552	The humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .	disgust	moviereview
8553	It 's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .	disgust	moviereview
8554	Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .	disgust	moviereview
8555	Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .	disgust	moviereview
8556	Feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .	joy	moviereview
8557	Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .	disgust	moviereview
8558	Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves	joy	moviereview
8559	Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .	disgust	moviereview
8560	If this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -LRB- literally -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
8561	So faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .	disgust	moviereview
8562	Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .	disgust	moviereview
8563	There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .	disgust	moviereview
8564	I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing .	disgust	moviereview
8565	An awkward and indigestible movie .	disgust	moviereview
8566	The movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .	disgust	moviereview
8567	Haneke keeps us at arm 's length .	noemotion	moviereview
8568	Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .	disgust	moviereview
8569	All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .	disgust	moviereview
8570	Like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .	disgust	moviereview
8571	There 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .	disgust	moviereview
8572	This is an hour and a half of daydreaming .	disgust	moviereview
8573	Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?	noemotion	moviereview
8574	Alas , it 's neither .	noemotion	moviereview
8575	No movement , no yuks , not much of anything .	disgust	moviereview
8576	` Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .	disgust	moviereview
8577	Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .	noemotion	moviereview
8578	Now it 's just tired .	disgust	moviereview
8579	Heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .	disgust	moviereview
8580	The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .	disgust	moviereview
8581	A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .	disgust	moviereview
8582	A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .	disgust	moviereview
8583	The movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .	disgust	moviereview
8584	Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .	disgust	moviereview
8585	It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .	noemotion	moviereview
8586	But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .	disgust	moviereview
8587	Quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?	disgust	moviereview
8588	The reason I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .	disgust	moviereview
8589	What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .	noemotion	moviereview
8590	Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them .	disgust	moviereview
8591	Looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .	disgust	moviereview
8592	The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .	disgust	moviereview
8593	High Crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .	disgust	moviereview
8594	The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .	disgust	moviereview
8595	De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .	disgust	moviereview
8596	I did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	disgust	moviereview
8597	Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .	noemotion	moviereview
8598	With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .	disgust	moviereview
8599	So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .	disgust	moviereview
8600	Though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal Woody at best .	sadness	moviereview
8601	Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .	disgust	moviereview
8602	Britney 's performance can not be faulted .	joy	moviereview
8603	Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	disgust	moviereview
8604	Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .	disgust	moviereview
8605	Sadly , Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .	sadness	moviereview
8606	If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .	disgust	moviereview
8607	This film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
8608	Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .	anticipation	moviereview
8609	Or a profit .	noemotion	moviereview
8610	Or some damn thing .	disgust	moviereview
8611	The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .	disgust	moviereview
8612	Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .	disgust	moviereview
8613	The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .	disgust	moviereview
8614	I like Frank the Pug , though .	joy	moviereview
8615	A restrained Ribisi convinces as an Italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .	noemotion	moviereview
8616	Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?	surprise	moviereview
8617	Moot point .	noemotion	moviereview
8618	A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .	disgust	moviereview
8619	Needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .	disgust	moviereview
8620	The problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr. Desplechin is content to state it .	disgust	moviereview
8621	Madonna still ca n't act a lick .	disgust	moviereview
8622	Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .	disgust	moviereview
8623	If you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .	disgust	moviereview
8624	The episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .	joy	moviereview
8625	But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .	disgust	moviereview
8626	Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .	joy	moviereview
8627	But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .	disgust	moviereview
8628	Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .	disgust	moviereview
8629	Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .	disgust	moviereview
8630	Hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .	disgust	moviereview
8631	Intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .	disgust	moviereview
8632	Sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .	disgust	moviereview
8633	Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .	disgust	moviereview
8634	... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .	disgust	moviereview
8635	Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .	disgust	moviereview
8636	I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .	anger	moviereview
8637	Movies like this are selling the old European candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .	joy	moviereview
8638	But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .	sadness	moviereview
8639	The timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .	disgust	moviereview
8640	I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	disgust	moviereview
8641	A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
8642	Flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .	disgust	moviereview
8643	Even if you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .	joy	moviereview
8644	The story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .	disgust	moviereview
8645	Despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .	joy	moviereview
8646	McKay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness	disgust	moviereview
8647	A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .	disgust	moviereview
8648	The cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .	disgust	moviereview
8649	Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX , The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .	disgust	moviereview
8650	Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend .	joy	moviereview
8651	When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .	disgust	moviereview
8652	Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time .	disgust	moviereview
8653	We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	sadness	moviereview
8654	Much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing -LRB- the movie 's -RRB- mindset .	disgust	moviereview
8655	Well before it 's over , Beijing Bicycle begins spinning its wheels .	disgust	moviereview
8656	Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .	joy	moviereview
8657	Besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .	noemotion	moviereview
8658	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .	disgust	moviereview
8659	Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .	joy	moviereview
8660	For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .	disgust	moviereview
8661	Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .	disgust	moviereview
8662	Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .	disgust	moviereview
8663	Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .	disgust	moviereview
8664	Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .	disgust	moviereview
8665	Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .	disgust	moviereview
8666	Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .	disgust	moviereview
8667	The movie gets muted and routine .	disgust	moviereview
8668	The issue of faith is not explored very deeply	disgust	moviereview
8669	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	disgust	moviereview
8670	The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .	disgust	moviereview
8671	It 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .	disgust	moviereview
8672	I was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .	disgust	moviereview
8673	K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich .	disgust	moviereview
8674	A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .	disgust	moviereview
8675	Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .	disgust	moviereview
8676	The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .	disgust	moviereview
8677	Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .	disgust	moviereview
8678	Ja Rule and Kurupt should have gotten to rap .	sadness	moviereview
8679	It would have benefitted the dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
8680	A standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .	noemotion	moviereview
8681	Elicits more groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb , all wrapped up into one .	disgust	moviereview
8682	It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .	disgust	moviereview
8683	In the end , White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .	noemotion	moviereview
8684	It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .	disgust	moviereview
8685	This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .	noemotion	moviereview
8686	You 've seen them a million times .	disgust	moviereview
8687	Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .	disgust	moviereview
8688	This one does .	noemotion	moviereview
8689	The angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .	disgust	moviereview
8690	A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .	disgust	moviereview
8691	Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce .	disgust	moviereview
8692	An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...	disgust	moviereview
8693	A combination of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .	disgust	moviereview
8694	An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .	disgust	moviereview
8695	Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
8696	After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .	disgust	moviereview
8697	Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	disgust	moviereview
8698	A gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme br le .	disgust	moviereview
8699	Maudlin and melodramatic we expected .	disgust	moviereview
8700	Boring we did n't .	noemotion	moviereview
8701	Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .	noemotion	moviereview
8702	The film 's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .	disgust	moviereview
8703	It almost plays like Solaris , but with guns and jokes .	joy	moviereview
8704	A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -LRB- Woody Allen -RRB- has made in the last twenty years .	disgust	moviereview
8705	It wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you .	anticipation	moviereview
8706	This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .	disgust	moviereview
8707	Propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	noemotion	moviereview
8708	There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .	disgust	moviereview
8709	This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .	disgust	moviereview
8710	Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	disgust	moviereview
8711	The pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .	disgust	moviereview
8712	For all its alleged youthful fire , XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	disgust	moviereview
8713	A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie .	disgust	moviereview
8714	If I Spy were funny -LRB- enough -RRB- or exciting -LRB- enough -RRB- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .	disgust	moviereview
8715	Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .	disgust	moviereview
8716	Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	disgust	moviereview
8717	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	disgust	moviereview
8718	A very average science fiction film .	noemotion	moviereview
8719	Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .	disgust	moviereview
8720	How anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .	disgust	moviereview
8721	The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .	disgust	moviereview
8722	The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .	disgust	moviereview
8723	The plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .	disgust	moviereview
8724	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance	disgust	moviereview
8725	A whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .	disgust	moviereview
8726	Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .	noemotion	moviereview
8727	Or , you can do something fun tonight .	anticipation	moviereview
8728	Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	disgust	moviereview
8729	As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .	disgust	moviereview
8730	Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold !	disgust	moviereview
8731	would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .	disgust	moviereview
8732	For all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that Kapur tries to bring to The Four Feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .	disgust	moviereview
8733	When it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .	disgust	moviereview
8734	What The Four Feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .	disgust	moviereview
8735	While Benigni -LRB- who stars and co-wrote -RRB- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .	disgust	moviereview
8736	Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?	joy	moviereview
8737	Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .	disgust	moviereview
8738	Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .	disgust	moviereview
8739	None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .	disgust	moviereview
8740	... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .	disgust	moviereview
8741	As elegantly crafted as it often is , Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .	disgust	moviereview
8742	Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .	disgust	moviereview
8743	... has virtually no script at all ...	disgust	moviereview
8744	Will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .	disgust	moviereview
8745	This kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .	noemotion	moviereview
8746	But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick -LRB- remember Cabin Boy ? -RRB-	noemotion	moviereview
8747	just pound away .	noemotion	moviereview
8748	At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .	disgust	moviereview
8749	Rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .	joy	moviereview
8750	Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .	disgust	moviereview
8751	The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : Kappa Rho Alpha Phi .	noemotion	moviereview
8752	Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .	disgust	moviereview
8753	The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .	disgust	moviereview
8754	Most of the action setups are incoherent .	disgust	moviereview
8755	Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	disgust	moviereview
8756	... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	surprise	moviereview
8757	The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .	disgust	moviereview
8758	Dreary , highly annoying ... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .	disgust	moviereview
8759	There 's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .	disgust	moviereview
8760	The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .	disgust	moviereview
8761	Sorry , Charlie	sadness	moviereview
8762	A painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .	disgust	moviereview
8763	Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor .	disgust	moviereview
8764	And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .	disgust	moviereview
8765	The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .	disgust	moviereview
8766	Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .	disgust	moviereview
8767	This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .	disgust	moviereview
8768	All ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .	disgust	moviereview
8769	If this is the Danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	disgust	moviereview
8770	Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .	disgust	moviereview
8771	Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .	noemotion	moviereview
8772	When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .	disgust	moviereview
8773	-LRB- Two -RRB- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .	disgust	moviereview
8774	The film is really not so much bad as bland .	disgust	moviereview
8775	The central story lacks punch .	disgust	moviereview
8776	Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	disgust	moviereview
8777	This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .	disgust	moviereview
8778	Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies .	disgust	moviereview
8779	A harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .	joy	moviereview
8780	What was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .	disgust	moviereview
8781	The kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .	disgust	moviereview
8782	`` Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .	joy	moviereview
8783	The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?	sadness	moviereview
8784	Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...	disgust	moviereview
8785	This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow .	disgust	moviereview
8786	While Super Troopers is above Academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .	disgust	moviereview
8787	A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .	disgust	moviereview
8788	The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and Solaris is its big-budget brother .	disgust	moviereview
8789	The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .	disgust	moviereview
8790	The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture	noemotion	moviereview
8791	A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .	disgust	moviereview
8792	Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .	disgust	moviereview
8793	A well acted and well intentioned snoozer .	joy	moviereview
8794	The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .	disgust	moviereview
8795	Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .	joy	moviereview
8796	Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .	disgust	moviereview
8797	Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .	disgust	moviereview
8798	It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	sadness	moviereview
8799	I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .	disgust	moviereview
8800	This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .	disgust	moviereview
8801	Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .	disgust	moviereview
8802	While obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .	disgust	moviereview
8803	Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8804	Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .	disgust	moviereview
8805	I loved looking at this movie .	joy	moviereview
8806	I just did n't care as much for the story .	disgust	moviereview
8807	Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act .	disgust	moviereview
8808	It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .	disgust	moviereview
8809	fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .	disgust	moviereview
8810	A gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .	disgust	moviereview
8811	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	disgust	moviereview
8812	It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .	disgust	moviereview
8813	The film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .	disgust	moviereview
8814	The element of surprise might be the only thing Femme Fatale has going for it .	surprise	moviereview
8815	It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .	surprise	moviereview
8816	Maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this .	disgust	moviereview
8817	A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller .	disgust	moviereview
8818	The story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .	disgust	moviereview
8819	Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .	joy	moviereview
8820	Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .	disgust	moviereview
8821	To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .	disgust	moviereview
8822	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion	disgust	moviereview
8823	This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .	disgust	moviereview
8824	Ecks this one off your must-see list .	disgust	moviereview
8825	Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .	disgust	moviereview
8826	It settles for being merely grim .	disgust	moviereview
8827	The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .	disgust	moviereview
8828	It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .	disgust	moviereview
8829	No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .	disgust	moviereview
8830	Just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .	disgust	moviereview
8831	Just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after -LRB- or during -RRB- consumption of its second half .	joy	moviereview
8832	Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it .	disgust	moviereview
8833	The New Guy is one of them .	noemotion	moviereview
8834	This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .	disgust	moviereview
8835	Everything that 's worthwhile about Collision Course can already be seen on television .	disgust	moviereview
8836	If this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called Beta Alpha Delta .	disgust	moviereview
8837	Not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .	joy	moviereview
8838	Uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .	noemotion	moviereview
8839	Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .	disgust	moviereview
8840	All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .	disgust	moviereview
8841	Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .	disgust	moviereview
8842	Secret Ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .	disgust	moviereview
8843	The film 's center will not hold .	noemotion	moviereview
8844	Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .	disgust	moviereview
8845	Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .	disgust	moviereview
8846	A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending .	disgust	moviereview
8847	Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .	disgust	moviereview
8848	Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .	disgust	moviereview
8849	As an actor , The Rock is aptly named .	joy	moviereview
8850	A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .	disgust	moviereview
8851	I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .	disgust	moviereview
8852	Nothing about it fits .	disgust	moviereview
8853	As it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	disgust	moviereview
8854	Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane .	disgust	moviereview
8855	The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .	disgust	moviereview
8856	Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .	disgust	moviereview
8857	The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .	disgust	moviereview
8858	I tried to read the time on my watch .	noemotion	moviereview
8859	The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .	disgust	moviereview
8860	Johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .	disgust	moviereview
8861	Ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '	disgust	moviereview
8862	The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .	disgust	moviereview
8863	The film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .	disgust	moviereview
8864	The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .	disgust	moviereview
8865	Once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .	disgust	moviereview
8866	There 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .	disgust	moviereview
8867	It seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .	disgust	moviereview
8868	The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .	disgust	moviereview
8869	Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .	disgust	moviereview
8870	The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
8871	Just a bloody mess .	disgust	moviereview
8872	Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .	disgust	moviereview
8873	You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .	disgust	moviereview
8874	Has something to say ... but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .	disgust	moviereview
8875	Bears is bad .	disgust	moviereview
8876	Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .	disgust	moviereview
8877	As is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
8878	George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .	noemotion	moviereview
8879	For a film about two mismatched buddies , Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .	disgust	moviereview
8880	However clever Nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .	disgust	moviereview
8881	Extreme Oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .	disgust	moviereview
8882	What could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .	disgust	moviereview
8883	What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .	disgust	moviereview
8884	... too dull to enjoy .	disgust	moviereview
8885	A morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense .	disgust	moviereview
8886	Here 's a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah .	joy	moviereview
8887	Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .	joy	moviereview
8888	But even a hero can stumble sometimes .	noemotion	moviereview
8889	A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .	disgust	moviereview
8890	It 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .	disgust	moviereview
8891	The impact of the Armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	sadness	moviereview
8892	Going to the website may be just as fun -LRB- and scary -RRB- as going to the film .	disgust	moviereview
8893	Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .	disgust	moviereview
8894	Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .	disgust	moviereview
8895	Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .	disgust	moviereview
8896	For Caine Lovers only .	joy	moviereview
8897	A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .	disgust	moviereview
8898	De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .	disgust	moviereview
8899	But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .	disgust	moviereview
8900	No , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .	disgust	moviereview
8901	A reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .	disgust	moviereview
8902	The rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates .	noemotion	moviereview
8903	Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .	disgust	moviereview
8904	City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .	joy	moviereview
8905	But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .	disgust	moviereview
8906	The Marquis de Sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .	disgust	moviereview
8907	What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
8908	The cast is uniformly excellent ... but the film itself is merely mildly charming .	joy	moviereview
8909	Drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .	disgust	moviereview
8910	A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -LRB- k -RRB- statement .	disgust	moviereview
8911	The whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .	disgust	moviereview
8912	Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .	disgust	moviereview
8913	And forget about any attempt at a plot !	disgust	moviereview
8914	It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .	noemotion	moviereview
8915	Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are John Leguizamo 's cool jackets .	disgust	moviereview
8916	It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .	disgust	moviereview
8917	Showtime is closer to Slowtime .	disgust	moviereview
8918	It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut .	disgust	moviereview
8919	The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .	disgust	moviereview
8920	` How many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '	disgust	moviereview
8921	Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	disgust	moviereview
8922	Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .	disgust	moviereview
8923	The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .	disgust	moviereview
8924	Barely goes beyond comic book status .	disgust	moviereview
8925	It 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .	disgust	moviereview
8926	I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .	disgust	moviereview
8927	It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .	sadness	moviereview
8928	An eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .	joy	moviereview
8929	Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .	disgust	moviereview
8930	Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .	disgust	moviereview
8931	-LRB- Morgan -RRB- , Judd and Franklin ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by Joseph Finder , from some opportunism .	disgust	moviereview
8932	Passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .	disgust	moviereview
8933	Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .	disgust	moviereview
8934	My response to the film is best described as lukewarm .	noemotion	moviereview
8935	Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .	noemotion	moviereview
8936	Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .	disgust	moviereview
8937	It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .	disgust	moviereview
8938	It 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .	disgust	moviereview
8939	A sudsy cautionary tale .	disgust	moviereview
8940	A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .	disgust	moviereview
8941	Mr. Wedge and Mr. Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .	joy	moviereview
8942	Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .	disgust	moviereview
8943	Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .	disgust	moviereview
8944	Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .	disgust	moviereview
8945	As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .	disgust	moviereview
8946	Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .	disgust	moviereview
8947	On the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... It 's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there .	disgust	moviereview
8948	The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .	disgust	moviereview
8949	One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .	disgust	moviereview
8950	... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .	disgust	moviereview
8951	Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .	disgust	moviereview
8952	The film is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .	joy	moviereview
8953	Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .	disgust	moviereview
8954	-LRB- Sen 's -RRB- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .	disgust	moviereview
8955	Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .	disgust	moviereview
8956	Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .	noemotion	moviereview
8957	Do n't waste your money .	disgust	moviereview
8958	Though certainly original in form , Altar Boys requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .	disgust	moviereview
8959	There are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv .	disgust	moviereview
8960	There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .	disgust	moviereview
8961	Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .	disgust	moviereview
8962	We may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the Balkans conflict .	disgust	moviereview
8963	You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .	disgust	moviereview
8964	Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .	disgust	moviereview
8965	Bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .	disgust	moviereview
8966	This is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .	disgust	moviereview
8967	Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?	noemotion	moviereview
8968	This film is full of rabbits .	noemotion	moviereview
8969	Brimful .	disgust	moviereview
8970	But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	disgust	moviereview
8971	I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .	sadness	moviereview
8972	I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .	disgust	moviereview
8973	No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .	disgust	moviereview
8974	A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .	disgust	moviereview
8975	Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?	disgust	moviereview
8976	In a word -- yes .	noemotion	moviereview
8977	If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .	disgust	moviereview
8978	Reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .	disgust	moviereview
8979	The movie makes absolutely no sense .	disgust	moviereview
8980	Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?	disgust	moviereview
8981	The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .	disgust	moviereview
8982	Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .	disgust	moviereview
8983	Despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .	disgust	moviereview
8984	Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .	disgust	moviereview
8985	The journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .	disgust	moviereview
8986	That Zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .	disgust	moviereview
8987	The Gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .	noemotion	moviereview
8988	The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .	disgust	moviereview
8989	This is a good movie in spurts , but when it does n't work , it 's at important times .	disgust	moviereview
8990	Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play .	disgust	moviereview
8991	Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .	disgust	moviereview
8992	A TV episode inflated past its natural length .	disgust	moviereview
8993	Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .	disgust	moviereview
8994	All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .	disgust	moviereview
8995	There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .	disgust	moviereview
8996	The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .	surprise	moviereview
8997	The story ... is moldy and obvious .	disgust	moviereview
8998	It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .	disgust	moviereview
8999	Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .	disgust	moviereview
9000	Punish the vehicle to adore the star .	noemotion	moviereview
9001	Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .	disgust	moviereview
9002	Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .	joy	moviereview
9003	Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it .	disgust	moviereview
9004	All the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .	disgust	moviereview
9005	Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .	disgust	moviereview
9006	Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .	disgust	moviereview
9007	An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .	disgust	moviereview
9008	Without a strong script and energetic acting , Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .	disgust	moviereview
9009	A mild , reluctant , thumbs down .	disgust	moviereview
9010	Strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .	disgust	moviereview
9011	Schindler 's List it ai n't .	disgust	moviereview
9012	A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .	disgust	moviereview
9013	It 's an awfully derivative story .	disgust	moviereview
9014	The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable na vet and arbitrary flashbacks .	disgust	moviereview
9015	It 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .	disgust	moviereview
9016	About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .	disgust	moviereview
9017	With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .	disgust	moviereview
9018	Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .	disgust	moviereview
9019	Winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .	disgust	moviereview
9020	Oft-described as the antidote to American Pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough	disgust	moviereview
9021	The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes .	disgust	moviereview
9022	The premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .	anger	moviereview
9023	With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .	disgust	moviereview
9024	It 's painful .	disgust	moviereview
9025	Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .	noemotion	moviereview
9026	An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .	disgust	moviereview
9027	Sheridan ... smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .	sadness	moviereview
9028	An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .	disgust	moviereview
9029	Half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .	disgust	moviereview
9030	Writer/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .	disgust	moviereview
9031	-LRB- Newton -RRB- wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .	disgust	moviereview
9032	Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .	disgust	moviereview
9033	I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .	disgust	moviereview
9034	A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .	disgust	moviereview
9035	The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .	disgust	moviereview
9036	Then lower them a bit more .	noemotion	moviereview
9037	When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean .	disgust	moviereview
9038	Cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .	disgust	moviereview
9039	A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .	disgust	moviereview
9040	` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .	disgust	moviereview
9041	What begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .	disgust	moviereview
9042	A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .	disgust	moviereview
9043	Birot 's directorial debut -LRB- she co-wrote the script with Christophe Honor -RRB- is n't so much bad as it is bland .	disgust	moviereview
9044	Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .	disgust	moviereview
9045	Enough similarities to Gymkata and Howie Long 's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .	disgust	moviereview
9046	Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series .	disgust	moviereview
9047	Christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic .	joy	moviereview
9048	If this dud had been made in the 70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .	disgust	moviereview
9049	A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .	disgust	moviereview
9050	Like a documentary version of Fight Club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .	disgust	moviereview
9051	`` An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''	noemotion	moviereview
9052	Pryor Lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .	disgust	moviereview
9053	What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .	disgust	moviereview
9054	The stories here suffer from the chosen format .	disgust	moviereview
9055	While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .	disgust	moviereview
9056	Just how extreme are these ops ?	noemotion	moviereview
9057	I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .	disgust	moviereview
9058	The actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .	disgust	moviereview
9059	John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .	disgust	moviereview
9060	The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .	disgust	moviereview
9061	Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .	disgust	moviereview
9062	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	disgust	moviereview
9063	Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .	disgust	moviereview
9064	... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	disgust	moviereview
9065	The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9066	The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the Snowman -LRB- who never gets to play that flute -RRB- has all the charm of a meltdown .	disgust	moviereview
9067	The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .	disgust	moviereview
9068	It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .	disgust	moviereview
9069	A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	disgust	moviereview
9070	None of this violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .	disgust	moviereview
9071	Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .	disgust	moviereview
9072	Even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission 's worth of funny to keep it afloat .	joy	moviereview
9073	Fails to bring as much to the table .	disgust	moviereview
9074	A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .	disgust	moviereview
9075	Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .	disgust	moviereview
9076	If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .	disgust	moviereview
9077	I hate this movie	disgust	moviereview
9078	It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	disgust	moviereview
9079	Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .	disgust	moviereview
9080	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	disgust	moviereview
9081	... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	disgust	moviereview
9082	A DOA dud from frame one .	disgust	moviereview
9083	Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	disgust	moviereview
9084	There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	joy	moviereview
9085	Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	disgust	moviereview
9086	The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	disgust	moviereview
9087	First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	disgust	moviereview
9088	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	disgust	moviereview
9089	Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	disgust	moviereview
9090	The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	joy	moviereview
9091	A predictable , manipulative stinker .	disgust	moviereview
9092	The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	disgust	moviereview
9093	Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .	noemotion	moviereview
9094	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	joy	moviereview
9095	The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	disgust	moviereview
9096	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	disgust	moviereview
9097	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	joy	moviereview
9098	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	disgust	moviereview
9099	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	disgust	moviereview
9100	The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .	disgust	moviereview
9101	What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	disgust	moviereview
9102	No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	joy	moviereview
9103	Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	disgust	moviereview
9104	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	disgust	moviereview
9105	A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	disgust	moviereview
9106	Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 21/2 - hour , dissipated length .	joy	moviereview
9107	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	disgust	moviereview
9108	Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	noemotion	moviereview
9109	I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	disgust	moviereview
9110	Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	disgust	moviereview
9111	Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	disgust	moviereview
9112	One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	disgust	moviereview
9113	Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	noemotion	moviereview
9114	A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
9115	-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	disgust	moviereview
9116	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	disgust	moviereview
9117	True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	disgust	moviereview
9118	-LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
9119	The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	disgust	moviereview
9120	You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .	disgust	moviereview
9121	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	disgust	moviereview
9122	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	disgust	moviereview
9123	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	disgust	moviereview
9124	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	disgust	moviereview
9125	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	disgust	moviereview
9126	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	disgust	moviereview
9127	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	disgust	moviereview
9128	While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	disgust	moviereview
9129	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	disgust	moviereview
9130	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	disgust	moviereview
9131	A Lifetime movie about men .	noemotion	moviereview
9132	The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .	noemotion	moviereview
9133	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	noemotion	moviereview
9134	It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	disgust	moviereview
9135	This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .	disgust	moviereview
9136	The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	disgust	moviereview
9137	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	disgust	moviereview
9138	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	disgust	moviereview
9139	This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	disgust	moviereview
9140	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	disgust	moviereview
9141	I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .	disgust	moviereview
9142	This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	disgust	moviereview
9143	than ` Magnifique ' .	noemotion	moviereview
9144	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	disgust	moviereview
9145	Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	disgust	moviereview
9146	But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	disgust	moviereview
9147	Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .	disgust	moviereview
9148	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	disgust	moviereview
9149	Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?	disgust	moviereview
9150	is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	disgust	moviereview
9151	Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	disgust	moviereview
9152	This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	disgust	moviereview
9153	Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	disgust	moviereview
9154	Who is this movie for ?	noemotion	moviereview
9155	Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	disgust	moviereview
9156	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	disgust	moviereview
9157	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	disgust	moviereview
9158	It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .	disgust	moviereview
9159	Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''	disgust	moviereview
9160	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	disgust	moviereview
9161	It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	disgust	moviereview
9162	Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	disgust	moviereview
9163	Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	disgust	moviereview
9164	For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	disgust	moviereview
9165	A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	disgust	moviereview
9166	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	joy	moviereview
9167	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	disgust	moviereview
9168	Originality is sorely lacking .	disgust	moviereview
9169	The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	joy	moviereview
9170	But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	joy	moviereview
9171	Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	disgust	moviereview
9172	Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	joy	moviereview
9173	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .	disgust	moviereview
9174	For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	disgust	moviereview
9175	There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	disgust	moviereview
9176	Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	disgust	moviereview
9177	I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	disgust	moviereview
9178	It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	disgust	moviereview
9179	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	sadness	moviereview
9180	Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	disgust	moviereview
9181	Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .	disgust	moviereview
9182	` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .	disgust	moviereview
9183	Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	disgust	moviereview
9184	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	disgust	moviereview
9185	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	disgust	moviereview
9186	It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	sadness	moviereview
9187	This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	disgust	moviereview
9188	Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	disgust	moviereview
9189	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	disgust	moviereview
9190	Every note rings false .	disgust	moviereview
9191	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	disgust	moviereview
9192	It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	disgust	moviereview
9193	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	disgust	moviereview
9194	This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	disgust	moviereview
9195	This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	disgust	moviereview
9196	The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	disgust	moviereview
9197	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	disgust	moviereview
9198	A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	disgust	moviereview
9199	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .	disgust	moviereview
9200	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .	joy	moviereview
9201	It 's too bad nothing else is .	noemotion	moviereview
9202	Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	disgust	moviereview
9203	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .	disgust	moviereview
9204	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen	joy	moviereview
9205	A serious movie with serious ideas .	joy	moviereview
9206	But seriously , folks , it does n't work .	disgust	moviereview
9207	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	noemotion	moviereview
9208	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	disgust	moviereview
9209	I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	sadness	moviereview
9210	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	disgust	moviereview
9211	-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	disgust	moviereview
9212	Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .	disgust	moviereview
9213	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	disgust	moviereview
9214	It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	disgust	moviereview
9215	I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
9216	The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	disgust	moviereview
9217	The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	disgust	moviereview
9218	Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .	disgust	moviereview
9219	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	disgust	moviereview
9220	It drowns in sap .	disgust	moviereview
9221	Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	joy	moviereview
9222	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	disgust	moviereview
9223	I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	disgust	moviereview
9224	There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	disgust	moviereview
9225	The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .	disgust	moviereview
9226	The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	disgust	moviereview
9227	Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .	joy	moviereview
9228	It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	disgust	moviereview
9229	Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	disgust	moviereview
9230	Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	disgust	moviereview
9231	Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	disgust	moviereview
9232	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	disgust	moviereview
9233	With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs .	noemotion	moviereview
9234	Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	disgust	moviereview
9235	Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	disgust	moviereview
9236	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	disgust	moviereview
9237	The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	disgust	moviereview
9238	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	disgust	moviereview
9239	Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	disgust	moviereview
9240	It 's all surface psychodramatics .	sadness	moviereview
9241	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	disgust	moviereview
9242	That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .	disgust	moviereview
9243	Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
9244	For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	noemotion	moviereview
9245	Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	sadness	moviereview
9246	Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	disgust	moviereview
9247	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	disgust	moviereview
9248	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	disgust	moviereview
9249	There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	disgust	moviereview
9250	A wordy wisp of a comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9251	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	disgust	moviereview
9252	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .	disgust	moviereview
9253	Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	disgust	moviereview
9254	A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	disgust	moviereview
9255	Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .	disgust	moviereview
9256	A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	disgust	moviereview
9257	The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	disgust	moviereview
9258	Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	disgust	moviereview
9259	I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	disgust	moviereview
9260	It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	disgust	moviereview
9261	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	disgust	moviereview
9262	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	disgust	moviereview
9263	After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	disgust	moviereview
9264	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	disgust	moviereview
9265	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	joy	moviereview
9266	If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .	disgust	moviereview
9267	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	disgust	moviereview
9268	There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	disgust	moviereview
9269	The same should go for movie theaters .	noemotion	moviereview
9270	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .	disgust	moviereview
9271	The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	disgust	moviereview
9272	As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .	disgust	moviereview
9273	This franchise has not spawned a single good film .	disgust	moviereview
9274	The crap continues .	disgust	moviereview
9275	Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
9276	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	joy	moviereview
9277	Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	disgust	moviereview
9278	One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	disgust	moviereview
9279	When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	disgust	moviereview
9280	Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	disgust	moviereview
9281	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	disgust	moviereview
9282	Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	noemotion	moviereview
9283	As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .	disgust	moviereview
9284	I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	noemotion	moviereview
9285	The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9286	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	disgust	moviereview
9287	The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	disgust	moviereview
9288	Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	disgust	moviereview
9289	Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	noemotion	moviereview
9290	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
9291	This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	disgust	moviereview
9292	Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	disgust	moviereview
9293	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	disgust	moviereview
9294	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
9295	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	disgust	moviereview
9296	An often unfunny romp .	disgust	moviereview
9297	A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .	disgust	moviereview
9298	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .	joy	moviereview
9299	Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	disgust	moviereview
9300	We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .	disgust	moviereview
9301	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .	disgust	moviereview
9302	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .	disgust	moviereview
9303	The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	disgust	moviereview
9304	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	disgust	moviereview
9305	Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	sadness	moviereview
9306	While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	disgust	moviereview
9307	The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	joy	moviereview
9308	It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	disgust	moviereview
9309	Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	disgust	moviereview
9310	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	disgust	moviereview
9311	The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	disgust	moviereview
9312	Lacks dramatic punch and depth .	disgust	moviereview
9313	There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .	joy	moviereview
9314	I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	disgust	moviereview
9315	Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	sadness	moviereview
9316	Make like the title and dodge this one .	disgust	moviereview
9317	This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	disgust	moviereview
9318	The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	disgust	moviereview
9319	Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	disgust	moviereview
9320	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .	disgust	moviereview
9321	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	disgust	moviereview
9322	-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	disgust	moviereview
9323	No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	disgust	moviereview
9324	A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	disgust	moviereview
9325	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	disgust	moviereview
9326	Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	disgust	moviereview
9327	Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	disgust	moviereview
9328	It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .	noemotion	moviereview
9329	It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .	sadness	moviereview
9330	A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
9331	An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	disgust	moviereview
9332	The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	disgust	moviereview
9333	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	disgust	moviereview
9334	Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	noemotion	moviereview
9335	Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	sadness	moviereview
9336	This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	disgust	moviereview
9337	Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .	surprise	moviereview
9338	Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	disgust	moviereview
9339	It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9340	will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts ...	anticipation	moviereview
9341	Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	joy	moviereview
9342	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	disgust	moviereview
9343	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	disgust	moviereview
9344	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	disgust	moviereview
9345	The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .	noemotion	moviereview
9346	Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	disgust	moviereview
9347	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	disgust	moviereview
9348	... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	disgust	moviereview
9349	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	disgust	moviereview
9350	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	disgust	moviereview
9351	Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	sadness	moviereview
9352	The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	disgust	moviereview
9353	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	disgust	moviereview
9354	Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	joy	moviereview
9355	It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	joy	moviereview
9356	A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	disgust	moviereview
9357	... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	disgust	moviereview
9358	Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	disgust	moviereview
9359	As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	disgust	moviereview
9360	Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	disgust	moviereview
9361	To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	noemotion	moviereview
9362	That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	disgust	moviereview
9363	Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	disgust	moviereview
9364	A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	disgust	moviereview
9365	Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	noemotion	moviereview
9366	Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	disgust	moviereview
9367	The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	disgust	moviereview
9368	` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	joy	moviereview
9369	Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	disgust	moviereview
9370	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	disgust	moviereview
9371	In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	disgust	moviereview
9372	An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .	noemotion	moviereview
9373	A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	disgust	moviereview
9374	So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	disgust	moviereview
9375	A gushy episode of `` M * A * S * H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .	disgust	moviereview
9376	`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	disgust	moviereview
9377	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9378	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
9379	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	disgust	moviereview
9380	entertaining enough , but nothing new	noemotion	moviereview
9381	... one resurrection too many .	disgust	moviereview
9382	This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	disgust	moviereview
9383	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	noemotion	moviereview
9384	DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	noemotion	moviereview
9385	In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	disgust	moviereview
9386	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .	disgust	moviereview
9387	Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .	disgust	moviereview
9388	A timid , soggy near miss .	disgust	moviereview
9389	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	disgust	moviereview
9390	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	disgust	moviereview
9391	Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .	disgust	moviereview
9392	This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	noemotion	moviereview
9393	They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .	noemotion	moviereview
9394	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .	disgust	moviereview
9395	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	disgust	moviereview
9396	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	disgust	moviereview
9397	... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	disgust	moviereview
9398	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	disgust	moviereview
9399	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	disgust	moviereview
9400	Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	disgust	moviereview
9401	The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	disgust	moviereview
9402	The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	disgust	moviereview
9403	This is not a Jackie Chan movie .	noemotion	moviereview
9404	It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	disgust	moviereview
9405	And that makes all the difference .	noemotion	moviereview
9406	Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	disgust	moviereview
9407	The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	disgust	moviereview
9408	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	disgust	moviereview
9409	No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	disgust	moviereview
9410	I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	disgust	moviereview
9411	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	disgust	moviereview
9412	A negligible British comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9413	Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	disgust	moviereview
9414	Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	disgust	moviereview
9415	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	disgust	moviereview
9416	What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	noemotion	moviereview
9417	Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	disgust	moviereview
9418	Her film is like a beautiful food entre that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	disgust	moviereview
9419	Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	noemotion	moviereview
9420	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	disgust	moviereview
9421	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	disgust	moviereview
9422	In the end , there is n't much to it .	disgust	moviereview
9423	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	disgust	moviereview
9424	The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .	disgust	moviereview
9425	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	disgust	moviereview
9426	Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	disgust	moviereview
9427	You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	disgust	moviereview
9428	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .	disgust	moviereview
9429	Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	disgust	moviereview
9430	for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	sadness	moviereview
9431	Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	disgust	moviereview
9432	Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?	disgust	moviereview
9433	It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	disgust	moviereview
9434	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	disgust	moviereview
9435	Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	noemotion	moviereview
9436	Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	disgust	moviereview
9437	Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	disgust	moviereview
9438	The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	joy	moviereview
9439	These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	disgust	moviereview
9440	Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	disgust	moviereview
9441	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .	disgust	moviereview
9442	Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	disgust	moviereview
9443	A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	disgust	moviereview
9444	One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	disgust	moviereview
9445	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	disgust	moviereview
9446	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	disgust	moviereview
9447	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .	disgust	moviereview
9448	The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	disgust	moviereview
9449	Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	disgust	moviereview
9450	Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	disgust	moviereview
9451	A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	disgust	moviereview
9452	The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	disgust	moviereview
9453	both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .	disgust	moviereview
9454	Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	joy	moviereview
9455	Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	disgust	moviereview
9456	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	disgust	moviereview
9457	I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .	anticipation	moviereview
9458	I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	noemotion	moviereview
9459	It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	disgust	moviereview
9460	The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	disgust	moviereview
9461	This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9462	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	disgust	moviereview
9463	Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .	noemotion	moviereview
9464	-LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	disgust	moviereview
9465	It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .	disgust	moviereview
9466	Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	disgust	moviereview
9467	Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich .	disgust	moviereview
9468	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .	disgust	moviereview
9469	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	disgust	moviereview
9470	The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	disgust	moviereview
9471	With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .	disgust	moviereview
9472	Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	disgust	moviereview
9473	Writer/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	noemotion	moviereview
9474	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	disgust	moviereview
9475	In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	joy	moviereview
9476	The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	disgust	moviereview
9477	Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	noemotion	moviereview
9478	is a mess .	disgust	moviereview
9479	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	disgust	moviereview
9480	The concept is a hoot .	joy	moviereview
9481	The trailer is a riot .	joy	moviereview
9482	The movie is a dud .	disgust	moviereview
9483	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	disgust	moviereview
9484	Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	disgust	moviereview
9485	It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	disgust	moviereview
9486	Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .	disgust	moviereview
9487	These characters become wearisome .	disgust	moviereview
9488	A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	disgust	moviereview
9489	This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	disgust	moviereview
9490	Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	disgust	moviereview
9491	A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .	joy	moviereview
9492	After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	disgust	moviereview
9493	Contrived pastiche of caper clichs .	disgust	moviereview
9494	Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .	disgust	moviereview
9495	Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	noemotion	moviereview
9496	But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	noemotion	moviereview
9497	The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	disgust	moviereview
9498	Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	disgust	moviereview
9499	Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	disgust	moviereview
9500	Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .	disgust	moviereview
9501	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	disgust	moviereview
9502	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	disgust	moviereview
9503	Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	anger	moviereview
9504	Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .	noemotion	moviereview
9505	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	disgust	moviereview
9506	There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	disgust	moviereview
9507	Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	disgust	moviereview
9508	It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .	disgust	moviereview
9509	I admit it , I hate to like it .	joy	moviereview
9510	Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .	disgust	moviereview
9511	Leaks treacle from every pore .	disgust	moviereview
9512	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon/Bourne or his predicament .	disgust	moviereview
9513	Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	disgust	moviereview
9514	While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	noemotion	moviereview
9515	Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .	disgust	moviereview
9516	... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	disgust	moviereview
9517	If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	disgust	moviereview
9518	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	disgust	moviereview
9519	The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	disgust	moviereview
9520	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	disgust	moviereview
9521	A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	disgust	moviereview
9522	A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	joy	moviereview
9523	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	disgust	moviereview
9524	Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	joy	moviereview
9525	A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	noemotion	moviereview
9526	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	disgust	moviereview
9527	... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	disgust	moviereview
9528	Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .	disgust	moviereview
9529	Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .	disgust	moviereview
9530	While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .	disgust	moviereview
9531	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	disgust	moviereview
9532	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	disgust	moviereview
9533	A collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	disgust	moviereview
9534	The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	disgust	moviereview
9535	Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	disgust	moviereview
9536	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
9537	How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	disgust	moviereview
9538	There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	disgust	moviereview
9539	As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	disgust	moviereview
9540	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
9541	The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	disgust	moviereview
9542	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	disgust	moviereview
9543	This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .	disgust	moviereview
9544	The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .	disgust	moviereview
9545	... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	disgust	moviereview
9546	... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''	disgust	moviereview
9547	If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	disgust	moviereview
9548	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	disgust	moviereview
9549	With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .	disgust	moviereview
9550	Nothing about this movie works .	disgust	moviereview
9551	If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	disgust	moviereview
9552	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	disgust	moviereview
9553	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	disgust	moviereview
9554	Are monsters born , or made ?	noemotion	moviereview
9555	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	disgust	moviereview
9556	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	disgust	moviereview
9557	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	disgust	moviereview
9558	With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	disgust	moviereview
9559	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	disgust	moviereview
9560	The film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	disgust	moviereview
9561	This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	disgust	moviereview
9562	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	disgust	moviereview
9563	Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	disgust	moviereview
9564	A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	disgust	moviereview
9565	Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	disgust	moviereview
9566	Collapses under its own meager weight .	disgust	moviereview
9567	This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .	disgust	moviereview
9568	If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	disgust	moviereview
9569	Technically and artistically inept .	disgust	moviereview
9570	Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	disgust	moviereview
9571	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	disgust	moviereview
9572	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	sadness	moviereview
9573	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	disgust	moviereview
9574	Death might be a release .	disgust	moviereview
9575	`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	disgust	moviereview
9576	No , even that 's too committed .	noemotion	moviereview
9577	He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	noemotion	moviereview
9578	Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	disgust	moviereview
9579	Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	disgust	moviereview
9580	A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	disgust	moviereview
9581	Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	disgust	moviereview
9582	This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	disgust	moviereview
9583	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	sadness	moviereview
9584	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	disgust	moviereview
9585	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	disgust	moviereview
9586	Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	joy	moviereview
9587	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .	sadness	moviereview
9588	You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	disgust	moviereview
9589	It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .	disgust	moviereview
9590	The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	noemotion	moviereview
9591	but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '	disgust	moviereview
9592	Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	disgust	moviereview
9593	`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .	disgust	moviereview
9594	Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	disgust	moviereview
9595	Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	disgust	moviereview
9596	In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .	noemotion	moviereview
9597	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	disgust	moviereview
9598	The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .	disgust	moviereview
9599	This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .	noemotion	moviereview
9600	For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	disgust	moviereview
9601	Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	joy	moviereview
9602	Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	disgust	moviereview
9603	A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	disgust	moviereview
9604	Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	noemotion	moviereview
9605	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	sadness	moviereview
9606	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	disgust	moviereview
9607	A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .	disgust	moviereview
9608	... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	disgust	moviereview
9609	It 's just plain boring .	disgust	moviereview
9610	Sad nonsense , this .	disgust	moviereview
9611	But not without cheesy fun factor .	joy	moviereview
9612	One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	disgust	moviereview
9613	Really dumb but occasionally really funny .	surprise	moviereview
9614	The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	disgust	moviereview
9615	The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	disgust	moviereview
9616	While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	disgust	moviereview
9617	The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
9618	They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	disgust	moviereview
9619	It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .	disgust	moviereview
9620	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	disgust	moviereview
9621	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
9622	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	disgust	moviereview
9623	... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .	disgust	moviereview
9624	Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''	disgust	moviereview
9625	One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	disgust	moviereview
9626	Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	disgust	moviereview
9627	Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	disgust	moviereview
9628	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	disgust	moviereview
9629	Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	disgust	moviereview
9630	It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	disgust	moviereview
9631	It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	disgust	moviereview
9632	Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	disgust	moviereview
9633	It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	disgust	moviereview
9634	Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	disgust	moviereview
9635	The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	disgust	moviereview
9636	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .	joy	moviereview
9637	Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .	joy	moviereview
9638	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .	disgust	moviereview
9639	-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	disgust	moviereview
9640	While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	joy	moviereview
9641	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	disgust	moviereview
9642	Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	disgust	moviereview
9643	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	disgust	moviereview
9644	... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .	disgust	moviereview
9645	Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	disgust	moviereview
9646	What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	disgust	moviereview
9647	The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	disgust	moviereview
9648	Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	disgust	moviereview
9649	Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	disgust	moviereview
9650	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	disgust	moviereview
9651	By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	disgust	moviereview
9652	To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	disgust	moviereview
9653	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	disgust	moviereview
9654	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	fear	moviereview
9655	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	joy	moviereview
9656	Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	disgust	moviereview
9657	It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	sadness	moviereview
9658	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	disgust	moviereview
9659	It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .	disgust	moviereview
9660	Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	disgust	moviereview
9661	It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .	disgust	moviereview
9662	This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	disgust	moviereview
9663	A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .	disgust	moviereview
9664	Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	disgust	moviereview
9665	Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .	disgust	moviereview
9666	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	disgust	moviereview
9667	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .	disgust	moviereview
9668	Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	disgust	moviereview
9669	More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	disgust	moviereview
9670	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	noemotion	moviereview
9671	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	disgust	moviereview
9672	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	noemotion	moviereview
9673	Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	disgust	moviereview
9674	It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
9675	On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .	disgust	moviereview
9676	The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	disgust	moviereview
9677	... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	disgust	moviereview
9678	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	sadness	moviereview
9679	Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	joy	moviereview
9680	scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .	disgust	moviereview
9681	Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .	disgust	moviereview
9682	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	disgust	moviereview
9683	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	disgust	moviereview
9684	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	disgust	moviereview
9685	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	disgust	moviereview
9686	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	disgust	moviereview
9687	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	joy	moviereview
9688	So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	disgust	moviereview
9689	Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	disgust	moviereview
9690	Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .	disgust	moviereview
9691	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	disgust	moviereview
9692	Very stupid and annoying .	disgust	moviereview
9693	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .	disgust	moviereview
9694	A listless and desultory affair .	disgust	moviereview
9695	Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	disgust	moviereview
9696	How inept is Serving Sara ?	disgust	moviereview
9697	It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .	disgust	moviereview
9698	Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	joy	moviereview
9699	Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	noemotion	moviereview
9700	Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .	disgust	moviereview
9701	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	disgust	moviereview
9702	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	disgust	moviereview
9703	Lazy , miserable and smug .	disgust	moviereview
9704	This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	disgust	moviereview
9705	Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	disgust	moviereview
9706	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	disgust	moviereview
9707	There 's no energy .	disgust	moviereview
9708	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	disgust	moviereview
9709	After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	disgust	moviereview
9710	This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !	disgust	moviereview
9711	At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	disgust	moviereview
9712	A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	disgust	moviereview
9713	A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	disgust	moviereview
9714	The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	disgust	moviereview
9715	If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	disgust	moviereview
9716	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	disgust	moviereview
9717	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	joy	moviereview
9718	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	joy	moviereview
9719	There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	disgust	moviereview
9720	It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	disgust	moviereview
9721	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	disgust	moviereview
9722	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	sadness	moviereview
9723	Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	joy	moviereview
9724	The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	disgust	moviereview
9725	Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	noemotion	moviereview
9726	At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	joy	moviereview
9727	Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .	noemotion	moviereview
9728	Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	disgust	moviereview
9729	Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	noemotion	moviereview
9730	If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .	disgust	moviereview
9731	It 's 51 times better than this .	disgust	moviereview
9732	It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	disgust	moviereview
9733	Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	disgust	moviereview
9734	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	disgust	moviereview
9735	Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	disgust	moviereview
9736	Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	disgust	moviereview
9737	Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	noemotion	moviereview
9738	There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	disgust	moviereview
9739	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	disgust	moviereview
9740	There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	disgust	moviereview
9741	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .	disgust	moviereview
9742	A preposterous , prurient whodunit .	disgust	moviereview
9743	Go , girls , right down the reality drain .	disgust	moviereview
9744	Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	disgust	moviereview
9745	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	disgust	moviereview
9746	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	disgust	moviereview
9747	... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	disgust	moviereview
9748	The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	disgust	moviereview
9749	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	disgust	moviereview
9750	Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	disgust	moviereview
9751	Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	disgust	moviereview
9752	Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	disgust	moviereview
9753	` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .	disgust	moviereview
9754	At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .	joy	moviereview
9755	It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	disgust	moviereview
9756	Wanker Goths are on the loose !	noemotion	moviereview
9757	Run for your lives !	fear	moviereview
9758	Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	sadness	moviereview
9759	A grating , emaciated flick .	disgust	moviereview
9760	Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	disgust	moviereview
9761	Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	disgust	moviereview
9762	We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	disgust	moviereview
9763	According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .	noemotion	moviereview
9764	But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	noemotion	moviereview
9765	The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	disgust	moviereview
9766	Ararat feels like a book report	disgust	moviereview
9767	Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	disgust	moviereview
9768	A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	disgust	moviereview
9769	An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	disgust	moviereview
9770	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	disgust	moviereview
9771	Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about	disgust	moviereview
9772	With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .	disgust	moviereview
9773	Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	disgust	moviereview
9774	The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	disgust	moviereview
9775	This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	noemotion	moviereview
9776	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	disgust	moviereview
9777	Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich .	disgust	moviereview
9778	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	disgust	moviereview
9779	Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	disgust	moviereview
9780	Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	sadness	moviereview
9781	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	joy	moviereview
9782	Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	noemotion	moviereview
9783	If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	joy	moviereview
9784	If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	disgust	moviereview
9785	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	disgust	moviereview
9786	Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	joy	moviereview
9787	A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	disgust	moviereview
9788	Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	disgust	moviereview
9789	This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	disgust	moviereview
9790	The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	surprise	moviereview
9791	De Niro cries .	sadness	moviereview
9792	You 'll cry for your money back .	disgust	moviereview
9793	Slap me , I saw this movie .	disgust	moviereview
9794	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	disgust	moviereview
9795	Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	disgust	moviereview
9796	Quelle surprise !	joy	moviereview
9797	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .	disgust	moviereview
9798	Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
9799	Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	disgust	moviereview
9800	The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	disgust	moviereview
9801	They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	disgust	moviereview
9802	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '	disgust	moviereview
9803	So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	disgust	moviereview
9804	In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	disgust	moviereview
9805	Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs .	disgust	moviereview
9806	Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .	disgust	moviereview
9807	One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	disgust	moviereview
9808	There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	disgust	moviereview
9809	` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .	disgust	moviereview
9810	The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	disgust	moviereview
9811	Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	noemotion	moviereview
9812	In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	disgust	moviereview
9813	Five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	disgust	moviereview
9814	The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	disgust	moviereview
9815	Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	other	moviereview
9816	So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .	disgust	moviereview
9817	The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	disgust	moviereview
9818	Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	noemotion	moviereview
9819	` Snow Dogs ' has both .	noemotion	moviereview
9820	It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	disgust	moviereview
9821	Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai	joy	moviereview
9822	It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	disgust	moviereview
9823	Ken Russell would love this .	joy	moviereview
9824	In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	noemotion	moviereview
9825	Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .	noemotion	moviereview
9826	This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	disgust	moviereview
9827	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	disgust	moviereview
9828	What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .	disgust	moviereview
9829	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .	disgust	moviereview
9830	Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	disgust	moviereview
9831	The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .	sadness	moviereview
9832	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	disgust	moviereview
9833	The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .	disgust	moviereview
9834	The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	disgust	moviereview
9835	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	disgust	moviereview
9836	The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .	disgust	moviereview
9837	Opera on film is never satisfactory .	disgust	moviereview
9838	The art demands live viewing .	joy	moviereview
9839	The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	disgust	moviereview
9840	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	disgust	moviereview
9841	It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	disgust	moviereview
9842	The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	disgust	moviereview
9843	It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
9844	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	disgust	moviereview
9845	As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9846	Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	disgust	moviereview
9847	A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	disgust	moviereview
9848	Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	noemotion	moviereview
9849	Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	disgust	moviereview
9850	A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	disgust	moviereview
9851	The story has little wit and no surprises .	disgust	moviereview
9852	The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	disgust	moviereview
9853	What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .	disgust	moviereview
9854	Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	disgust	moviereview
9855	I did n't think so .	noemotion	moviereview
9856	A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	disgust	moviereview
9857	-LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	disgust	moviereview
9858	The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	disgust	moviereview
9859	... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	disgust	moviereview
9860	This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .	noemotion	moviereview
9861	as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	disgust	moviereview
9862	Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	disgust	moviereview
9863	The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .	disgust	moviereview
9864	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	joy	moviereview
9865	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	disgust	moviereview
9866	Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	disgust	moviereview
9867	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	disgust	moviereview
9868	There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	disgust	moviereview
9869	It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	joy	moviereview
9870	The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	disgust	moviereview
9871	She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .	noemotion	moviereview
9872	A quaint , romanticized rendering .	joy	moviereview
9873	What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .	disgust	moviereview
9874	The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	disgust	moviereview
9875	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	joy	moviereview
9876	Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	noemotion	moviereview
9877	Now he makes them .	noemotion	moviereview
9878	She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...	noemotion	moviereview
9879	Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .	disgust	moviereview
9880	Been there done that .	noemotion	moviereview
9881	There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	disgust	moviereview
9882	A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	disgust	moviereview
9883	Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	joy	moviereview
9884	Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	disgust	moviereview
9885	Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	disgust	moviereview
9886	A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	disgust	moviereview
9887	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	disgust	moviereview
9888	We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	disgust	moviereview
9889	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	disgust	moviereview
9890	Bravado Kathy !	joy	moviereview
9891	... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	disgust	moviereview
9892	Too bad .	disgust	moviereview
9893	You can thank me for this .	joy	moviereview
9894	I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .	disgust	moviereview
9895	Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	disgust	moviereview
9896	Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .	disgust	moviereview
9897	This romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	disgust	moviereview
9898	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	noemotion	moviereview
9899	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .	disgust	moviereview
9900	Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	noemotion	moviereview
9901	It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .	disgust	moviereview
9902	The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	disgust	moviereview
9903	Co-writer/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	disgust	moviereview
9904	If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	joy	moviereview
9905	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	disgust	moviereview
9906	If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	disgust	moviereview
9907	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .	disgust	moviereview
9908	What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	disgust	moviereview
9909	Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	disgust	moviereview
9910	An uninspired preachy and clichd war film .	disgust	moviereview
9911	Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	disgust	moviereview
9912	A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	disgust	moviereview
9913	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	disgust	moviereview
9914	If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	disgust	moviereview
9915	The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	disgust	moviereview
9916	I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .	disgust	moviereview
9917	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	disgust	moviereview
9918	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	disgust	moviereview
9919	A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	disgust	moviereview
9920	The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	disgust	moviereview
9921	The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	disgust	moviereview
9922	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	disgust	moviereview
9923	It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding mtier .	disgust	moviereview
9924	How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	disgust	moviereview
9925	When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.	disgust	moviereview
9926	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	disgust	moviereview
9927	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	disgust	moviereview
9928	It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	disgust	moviereview
9929	The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	sadness	moviereview
9930	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	fear	moviereview
9931	The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	joy	moviereview
9932	Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	joy	moviereview
9933	-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	disgust	moviereview
9934	It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	disgust	moviereview
9935	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	disgust	moviereview
9936	If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	joy	moviereview
9937	What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	disgust	moviereview
9938	The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	disgust	moviereview
9939	It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	disgust	moviereview
9940	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	disgust	moviereview
9941	It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	disgust	moviereview
9942	Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .	disgust	moviereview
9943	Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	disgust	moviereview
9944	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	disgust	moviereview
9945	Something must have been lost in the translation .	noemotion	moviereview
9946	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	disgust	moviereview
9947	In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	disgust	moviereview
9948	Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	disgust	moviereview
9949	Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	disgust	moviereview
9950	Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	joy	moviereview
9951	Action - mechanical .	noemotion	moviereview
9952	`` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .	disgust	moviereview
9953	Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	noemotion	moviereview
9954	For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	disgust	moviereview
9955	The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	disgust	moviereview
9956	What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	surprise	moviereview
9957	Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .	disgust	moviereview
9958	City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	joy	moviereview
9959	But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	disgust	moviereview
9960	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	disgust	moviereview
9961	As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .	disgust	moviereview
9962	There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .	disgust	moviereview
9963	I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	joy	moviereview
9964	What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	disgust	moviereview
9965	Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	disgust	moviereview
9966	The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	disgust	moviereview
9967	Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	joy	moviereview
9968	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	disgust	moviereview
9969	Amid the clich and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn .	noemotion	moviereview
9970	Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	disgust	moviereview
9971	No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	disgust	moviereview
9972	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	disgust	moviereview
9973	Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	disgust	moviereview
9974	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	disgust	moviereview
9975	It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .	disgust	moviereview
9976	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .	disgust	moviereview
9977	We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	disgust	moviereview
9978	Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	disgust	moviereview
9979	There is nothing redeeming about this movie .	disgust	moviereview
9980	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .	disgust	moviereview
9981	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .	disgust	moviereview
9982	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	disgust	moviereview
9983	Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .	disgust	moviereview
9984	... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	joy	moviereview
9985	Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	disgust	moviereview
9986	A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	joy	moviereview
9987	To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	disgust	moviereview
9988	Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	disgust	moviereview
9989	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .	disgust	moviereview
9990	ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	disgust	moviereview
9991	How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	disgust	moviereview
9992	In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
9993	Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	noemotion	moviereview
9994	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	disgust	moviereview
9995	The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .	disgust	moviereview
9996	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	disgust	moviereview
9997	Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	disgust	moviereview
9998	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .	disgust	moviereview
9999	Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	noemotion	moviereview
10000	The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	disgust	moviereview
10001	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	disgust	moviereview
10002	In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	disgust	moviereview
10003	It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .	disgust	moviereview
10004	So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .	noemotion	moviereview
10005	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	disgust	moviereview
10006	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	noemotion	moviereview
10007	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	disgust	moviereview
10008	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	disgust	moviereview
10009	A cockeyed shot all the way .	disgust	moviereview
10010	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	disgust	moviereview
10011	Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .	disgust	moviereview
10012	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	disgust	moviereview
10013	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .	disgust	moviereview
10014	The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	disgust	moviereview
10015	Seems like someone going through the motions .	disgust	moviereview
10016	For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	disgust	moviereview
10017	Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	noemotion	moviereview
10018	Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	disgust	moviereview
10019	Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	disgust	moviereview
10020	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .	disgust	moviereview
10021	Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '	disgust	moviereview
10022	One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	disgust	moviereview
10023	A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	disgust	moviereview
10024	It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '	noemotion	moviereview
10025	brought to life on the big screen .	joy	moviereview
10026	The story itself is actually quite vapid .	disgust	moviereview
10027	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	disgust	moviereview
10028	Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .	joy	moviereview
10029	A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .	disgust	moviereview
10030	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	disgust	moviereview
10031	Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	disgust	moviereview
10032	Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	surprise	moviereview
10033	One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .	disgust	moviereview
10034	Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	disgust	moviereview
10035	Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	joy	moviereview
10036	It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .	joy	moviereview
10037	That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	noemotion	moviereview
10038	What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	disgust	moviereview
10039	The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .	disgust	moviereview
10040	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	disgust	moviereview
10041	Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	disgust	moviereview
10042	Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .	anger	moviereview
10043	No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	disgust	moviereview
10044	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .	disgust	moviereview
10045	A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	disgust	moviereview
10046	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	disgust	moviereview
10047	It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	disgust	moviereview
10048	For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	disgust	moviereview
10049	A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	disgust	moviereview
10050	A faster paced family flick .	joy	moviereview
10051	Upper Teens may get cynical .	noemotion	moviereview
10052	Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	joy	moviereview
10053	While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	disgust	moviereview
10054	It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	disgust	moviereview
10055	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	disgust	moviereview
10056	It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	disgust	moviereview
10057	`` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .	anger	moviereview
10058	The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	noemotion	moviereview
10059	It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	sadness	moviereview
10060	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	disgust	moviereview
10061	By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	surprise	moviereview
10062	For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .	surprise	moviereview
10063	It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	noemotion	moviereview
10064	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	joy	moviereview
10065	But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	disgust	moviereview
10066	If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	disgust	moviereview
10067	But it was n't .	noemotion	moviereview
10068	For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	disgust	moviereview
10069	... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .	disgust	moviereview
10070	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	disgust	moviereview
10071	The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .	disgust	moviereview
10072	A nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	disgust	moviereview
10073	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	disgust	moviereview
10074	It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	disgust	moviereview
10075	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	disgust	moviereview
10076	Does n't really add up to much .	disgust	moviereview
10077	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	disgust	moviereview
10078	An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	disgust	moviereview
10079	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	disgust	moviereview
10080	Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	disgust	moviereview
10081	It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	disgust	moviereview
10082	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	disgust	moviereview
10083	The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	disgust	moviereview
10084	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	joy	moviereview
10085	It 's like a drive-by .	noemotion	moviereview
10086	You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	sadness	moviereview
10087	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	disgust	moviereview
10088	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	disgust	moviereview
10089	Stress ` dumb . '	disgust	moviereview
10090	The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	disgust	moviereview
10091	When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	surprise	moviereview
10092	It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	disgust	moviereview
10093	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '	disgust	moviereview
10094	A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	disgust	moviereview
10095	Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	disgust	moviereview
10096	There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .	disgust	moviereview
10097	As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	disgust	moviereview
10098	The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .	disgust	moviereview
10099	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	disgust	moviereview
10100	Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	disgust	moviereview
10101	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	sadness	moviereview
10102	When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	disgust	moviereview
10103	Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	disgust	moviereview
10104	A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	disgust	moviereview
10105	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .	disgust	moviereview
10106	No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	disgust	moviereview
10107	` Hey Arnold ! '	noemotion	moviereview
10108	has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .	disgust	moviereview
10109	They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	disgust	moviereview
10110	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	disgust	moviereview
10111	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	disgust	moviereview
10112	Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	noemotion	moviereview
10113	It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .	disgust	moviereview
10114	The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	disgust	moviereview
10115	tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''	noemotion	moviereview
10116	Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs .	disgust	moviereview
10117	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	joy	moviereview
10118	Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	disgust	moviereview
10119	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	disgust	moviereview
10120	A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	disgust	moviereview
10121	Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	disgust	moviereview
10122	Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	disgust	moviereview
10123	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	disgust	moviereview
10124	Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	disgust	moviereview
10125	Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	disgust	moviereview
10126	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	disgust	moviereview
10127	A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
10128	It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	disgust	moviereview
10129	Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	disgust	moviereview
10130	It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .	disgust	moviereview
10131	These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	noemotion	moviereview
10132	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	disgust	moviereview
10133	Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	disgust	moviereview
10134	Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	disgust	moviereview
10135	Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	disgust	moviereview
10136	Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .	disgust	moviereview
10137	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	disgust	moviereview
10138	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
10139	One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	disgust	moviereview
10140	Phoned-in business as usual .	disgust	moviereview
10141	There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	joy	moviereview
10142	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	disgust	moviereview
10143	Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	joy	moviereview
10144	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	disgust	moviereview
10145	The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	disgust	moviereview
10146	It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	disgust	moviereview
10147	It 's that painful .	disgust	moviereview
10148	God is great , the movie 's not .	disgust	moviereview
10149	Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	disgust	moviereview
10150	When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	disgust	moviereview
10151	Or else a doggie winks .	noemotion	moviereview
10152	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	disgust	moviereview
10153	As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	joy	moviereview
10154	Plays like John Le Carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	disgust	moviereview
10155	You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	disgust	moviereview
10156	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	joy	moviereview
10157	Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	anticipation	moviereview
10158	A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	disgust	moviereview
10159	-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .	disgust	moviereview
10160	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	disgust	moviereview
10161	The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	disgust	moviereview
10162	Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .	joy	moviereview
10163	It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	disgust	moviereview
10164	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	disgust	moviereview
10165	I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	disgust	moviereview
10166	What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	disgust	moviereview
10167	But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	noemotion	moviereview
10168	The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	disgust	moviereview
10169	After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned .	noemotion	moviereview
10170	But no. .	noemotion	moviereview
10171	Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	disgust	moviereview
10172	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	disgust	moviereview
10173	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .	disgust	moviereview
10174	It was a dark and stormy night ...	noemotion	moviereview
10175	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	disgust	moviereview
10176	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	disgust	moviereview
10177	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	disgust	moviereview
10178	Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	noemotion	moviereview
10179	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	disgust	moviereview
10180	Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	disgust	moviereview
10181	Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .	joy	moviereview
10182	What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	disgust	moviereview
10183	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	disgust	moviereview
10184	Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	disgust	moviereview
10185	Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .	disgust	moviereview
10186	The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	disgust	moviereview
10187	Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ?	noemotion	moviereview
10188	is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	disgust	moviereview
10189	While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	disgust	moviereview
10190	Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	disgust	moviereview
10191	Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	disgust	moviereview
10192	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	disgust	moviereview
10193	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	disgust	moviereview
10194	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	disgust	moviereview
10195	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	disgust	moviereview
10196	Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	noemotion	moviereview
10197	High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .	disgust	moviereview
10198	Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	disgust	moviereview
10199	The chocolate factory without Charlie .	noemotion	moviereview
10200	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	disgust	moviereview
10201	Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	disgust	moviereview
10202	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	disgust	moviereview
10203	Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	disgust	moviereview
10204	Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .	noemotion	moviereview
10205	Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	disgust	moviereview
10206	The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
10207	The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .	disgust	moviereview
10208	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	disgust	moviereview
10209	It recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
10210	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	disgust	moviereview
10211	May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	disgust	moviereview
10212	Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .	disgust	moviereview
10213	It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	disgust	moviereview
10214	Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	joy	moviereview
10215	If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .	noemotion	moviereview
10216	Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .	disgust	moviereview
10217	Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	disgust	moviereview
10218	Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .	disgust	moviereview
10219	All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	disgust	moviereview
10220	The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .	disgust	moviereview
10221	... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	disgust	moviereview
10222	The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	disgust	moviereview
10223	No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .	noemotion	moviereview
10224	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	disgust	moviereview
10225	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	disgust	moviereview
10226	The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	disgust	moviereview
10227	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	disgust	moviereview
10228	More tiring than anything .	disgust	moviereview
10229	Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	disgust	moviereview
10230	It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	disgust	moviereview
10231	... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	disgust	moviereview
10232	A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	disgust	moviereview
10233	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	disgust	moviereview
10234	And it 's a lousy one at that .	disgust	moviereview
10235	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	disgust	moviereview
10236	I 'll go out on a limb .	anticipation	moviereview
10237	It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	disgust	moviereview
10238	It 's just merely very bad .	disgust	moviereview
10239	Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	disgust	moviereview
10240	About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	joy	moviereview
10241	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	disgust	moviereview
10242	Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	disgust	moviereview
10243	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .	disgust	moviereview
10244	The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	disgust	moviereview
10245	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
10246	Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	disgust	moviereview
10247	A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	disgust	moviereview
10248	A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '	disgust	moviereview
10249	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	disgust	moviereview
10250	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	disgust	moviereview
10251	If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .	joy	moviereview
10252	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	disgust	moviereview
10253	What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	disgust	moviereview
10254	The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	disgust	moviereview
10255	This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	disgust	moviereview
10256	Nevertheless , it still seems endless .	disgust	moviereview
10257	It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	disgust	moviereview
10258	It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	disgust	moviereview
10259	And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	surprise	moviereview
10260	Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	noemotion	moviereview
10261	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	disgust	moviereview
10262	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	disgust	moviereview
10263	The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	disgust	moviereview
10264	Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	disgust	moviereview
10265	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	disgust	moviereview
10266	Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	disgust	moviereview
10267	Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	disgust	moviereview
10268	Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	disgust	moviereview
10269	The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	disgust	moviereview
10270	displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver	disgust	moviereview
10271	So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	disgust	moviereview
10272	An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	disgust	moviereview
10273	The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	disgust	moviereview
10274	Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	disgust	moviereview
10275	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	disgust	moviereview
10276	Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	disgust	moviereview
10277	It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	disgust	moviereview
10278	Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	disgust	moviereview
10279	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	disgust	moviereview
10280	Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	disgust	moviereview
10281	A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	disgust	moviereview
10282	Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	surprise	moviereview
10283	This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	disgust	moviereview
10284	Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .	disgust	moviereview
10285	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	disgust	moviereview
10286	Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	disgust	moviereview
10287	A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	disgust	moviereview
10288	Not bad , but not all that good .	sadness	moviereview
10289	Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .	disgust	moviereview
10290	What 's next ?	noemotion	moviereview
10291	Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	noemotion	moviereview
10292	David Spade as Citizen Kane ?	noemotion	moviereview
10293	Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .	disgust	moviereview
10294	The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
10295	It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	disgust	moviereview
10296	Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	disgust	moviereview
10297	On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	disgust	moviereview
10298	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	disgust	moviereview
10299	It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	disgust	moviereview
10300	After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	disgust	moviereview
10301	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	disgust	moviereview
10302	Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	disgust	moviereview
10303	The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	disgust	moviereview
10304	Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?	disgust	moviereview
10305	into How Long Is This Movie ?	noemotion	moviereview
10306	Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	sadness	moviereview
10307	Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	disgust	moviereview
10308	It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	disgust	moviereview
10309	Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	disgust	moviereview
10310	It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	disgust	moviereview
10311	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	disgust	moviereview
10312	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	joy	moviereview
10313	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	disgust	moviereview
10314	This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	disgust	moviereview
10315	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	disgust	moviereview
10316	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	disgust	moviereview
10317	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	disgust	moviereview
10318	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	disgust	moviereview
10319	... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	noemotion	moviereview
10320	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	disgust	moviereview
10321	The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	disgust	moviereview
10322	Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	disgust	moviereview
10323	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .	sadness	moviereview
10324	... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .	disgust	moviereview
10325	Reyes ' word processor .	noemotion	moviereview
10326	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	noemotion	moviereview
10327	It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .	disgust	moviereview
10328	A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	sadness	moviereview
10329	One of the worst films of 2002 .	disgust	moviereview
10330	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	disgust	moviereview
10331	plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	disgust	moviereview
10332	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	disgust	moviereview
10333	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / Marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	disgust	moviereview
10334	This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	disgust	moviereview
10335	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	disgust	moviereview
10336	This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	disgust	moviereview
10337	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	disgust	moviereview
10338	The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	disgust	moviereview
10339	Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	disgust	moviereview
10340	The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	disgust	moviereview
10341	I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	sadness	moviereview
10342	The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .	disgust	moviereview
10343	The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	disgust	moviereview
10344	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	disgust	moviereview
10345	After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	joy	moviereview
10346	` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	disgust	moviereview
10347	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .	disgust	moviereview
10348	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	disgust	moviereview
10349	If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	disgust	moviereview
10350	It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	disgust	moviereview
10351	Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	disgust	moviereview
10352	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''	disgust	moviereview
10353	A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	disgust	moviereview
10354	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	disgust	moviereview
10355	Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	disgust	moviereview
10356	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .	disgust	moviereview
10357	Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	joy	moviereview
10358	If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	disgust	moviereview
10359	Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .	disgust	moviereview
10360	Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	disgust	moviereview
10361	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	disgust	moviereview
10362	It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	disgust	moviereview
10363	Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	disgust	moviereview
10364	The camera whirls !	noemotion	moviereview
10365	The camera twirls !	noemotion	moviereview
10366	Oh , look at that clever angle !	joy	moviereview
10367	Wow , a jump cut !	surprise	moviereview
10368	Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	disgust	moviereview
10369	The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	disgust	moviereview
10370	It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	disgust	moviereview
10371	It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	joy	moviereview
10372	Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	disgust	moviereview
10373	Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	joy	moviereview
10374	-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	disgust	moviereview
10375	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	noemotion	moviereview
10376	A ragbag of cliches .	disgust	moviereview
10377	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .	disgust	moviereview
10378	The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	disgust	moviereview
10379	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	disgust	moviereview
10380	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	disgust	moviereview
10381	Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	joy	moviereview
10382	Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .	disgust	moviereview
10383	What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	disgust	moviereview
10384	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	joy	moviereview
10385	The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong .	disgust	moviereview
10386	Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	disgust	moviereview
10387	You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?	noemotion	moviereview
10388	Just send it to Cranky .	noemotion	moviereview
10389	We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	disgust	moviereview
10390	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	disgust	moviereview
10391	The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	disgust	moviereview
10392	The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .	disgust	moviereview
10393	The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	disgust	moviereview
10394	No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	disgust	moviereview
10395	Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	disgust	moviereview
10396	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	disgust	moviereview
10397	Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	noemotion	moviereview
10398	Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	disgust	moviereview
10399	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	disgust	moviereview
10400	We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	disgust	moviereview
10401	Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	disgust	moviereview
10402	There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	disgust	moviereview
10403	` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	noemotion	moviereview
10404	The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .	joy	moviereview
10405	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	disgust	moviereview
10406	This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	disgust	moviereview
10407	The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .	disgust	moviereview
10408	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
10409	Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	disgust	moviereview
10410	Every joke is repeated at least four times .	disgust	moviereview
10411	Every joke is repeated at least four times .	disgust	moviereview
10412	Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	disgust	moviereview
10413	Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	disgust	moviereview
10414	The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	disgust	moviereview
10415	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .	disgust	moviereview
10416	-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
10417	The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	disgust	moviereview
10418	Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	disgust	moviereview
10419	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	disgust	moviereview
10420	Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	disgust	moviereview
10421	They cheapen the overall effect .	disgust	moviereview
10422	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .	disgust	moviereview
10423	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	disgust	moviereview
10424	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .	disgust	moviereview
10425	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	disgust	moviereview
10426	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	noemotion	moviereview
10427	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	disgust	moviereview
10428	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .	disgust	moviereview
10429	The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	disgust	moviereview
10430	Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	disgust	moviereview
10431	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	disgust	moviereview
10432	More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	noemotion	moviereview
10433	It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	disgust	moviereview
10434	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	disgust	moviereview
10435	It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	disgust	moviereview
10436	It 's not original enough .	disgust	moviereview
10437	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	disgust	moviereview
10438	Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	disgust	moviereview
10439	A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	disgust	moviereview
10440	Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	disgust	moviereview
10441	An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	disgust	moviereview
10442	The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	disgust	moviereview
10443	Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	disgust	moviereview
10444	So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	disgust	moviereview
10445	I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	noemotion	moviereview
10446	For free .	noemotion	moviereview
10447	I still want my money back .	disgust	moviereview
10448	It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	disgust	moviereview
10449	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	disgust	moviereview
10450	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	disgust	moviereview
10451	... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	noemotion	moviereview
10452	Strictly middle of the road .	disgust	moviereview
10453	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	disgust	moviereview
10454	After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music .	disgust	moviereview
10455	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	noemotion	moviereview
10456	A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	joy	moviereview
10457	With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	disgust	moviereview
10458	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .	disgust	moviereview
10459	A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .	joy	moviereview
10460	Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .	joy	moviereview
10461	Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .	disgust	moviereview
10462	Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	disgust	moviereview
10463	Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .	disgust	moviereview
10464	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	joy	moviereview
10465	The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
10466	Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	disgust	moviereview
10467	Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	disgust	moviereview
10468	Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	disgust	moviereview
10469	How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- Franois and Michle 's -RRB- relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .	noemotion	moviereview
10470	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	disgust	moviereview
10471	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	sadness	moviereview
10472	The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	disgust	moviereview
10473	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	disgust	moviereview
10474	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	disgust	moviereview
10475	The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	disgust	moviereview
10476	Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	disgust	moviereview
10477	Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	noemotion	moviereview
10478	Enigma lacks it .	disgust	moviereview
10479	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	disgust	moviereview
10480	... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	disgust	moviereview
10481	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	disgust	moviereview
10482	Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	disgust	moviereview
10483	In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	noemotion	moviereview
10484	Rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations .	disgust	moviereview
10485	McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	disgust	moviereview
10486	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	noemotion	moviereview
10487	New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...	noemotion	moviereview
10488	Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	disgust	moviereview
10489	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .	disgust	moviereview
10490	A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	disgust	moviereview
10491	A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	disgust	moviereview
10492	Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	surprise	moviereview
10493	But , no , we get another scene , and then another .	disgust	moviereview
10494	You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	disgust	moviereview
10495	An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	disgust	moviereview
10496	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	disgust	moviereview
10497	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	disgust	moviereview
10498	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	disgust	moviereview
10499	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	noemotion	moviereview
10500	Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	disgust	moviereview
10501	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	disgust	moviereview
10502	The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	disgust	moviereview
10503	For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?	noemotion	moviereview
10504	lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	disgust	moviereview
10505	Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .	disgust	moviereview
10506	But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	disgust	moviereview
10507	Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .	disgust	moviereview
10508	It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .	disgust	moviereview
10509	Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	joy	moviereview
10510	For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	disgust	moviereview
10511	There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	disgust	moviereview
10512	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	disgust	moviereview
10513	It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
10514	I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	joy	moviereview
10515	I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	sadness	moviereview
10516	Dreary tale of middle-class angst	disgust	moviereview
10517	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	disgust	moviereview
10518	-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	noemotion	moviereview
10519	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .	noemotion	moviereview
10520	Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	disgust	moviereview
10521	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	disgust	moviereview
10522	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .	disgust	moviereview
10523	It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	disgust	moviereview
10524	Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	disgust	moviereview
10525	Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	disgust	moviereview
10526	A decidedly mixed bag .	noemotion	moviereview
10527	There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	disgust	moviereview
10528	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .	disgust	moviereview
10529	Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	disgust	moviereview
10530	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	disgust	moviereview
10531	Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	disgust	moviereview
10532	Just dreadful .	disgust	moviereview
10533	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	disgust	moviereview
10534	Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .	sadness	moviereview
10535	hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	disgust	moviereview
10536	This is just lazy writing .	disgust	moviereview
10537	Even kids deserve better .	sadness	moviereview
10538	The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	disgust	moviereview
10539	And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .	disgust	moviereview
10540	Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	disgust	moviereview
10541	... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .	joy	moviereview
10542	Frank Capra played this story straight .	noemotion	moviereview
10543	But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	disgust	moviereview
10544	How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	disgust	moviereview
10545	The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	disgust	moviereview
10546	Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	joy	moviereview
10547	Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl .	disgust	moviereview
10548	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .	disgust	moviereview
10549	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	disgust	moviereview
10550	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	disgust	moviereview
10551	It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	surprise	moviereview
10552	An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .	joy	moviereview
10553	Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	disgust	moviereview
10554	Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	disgust	moviereview
10555	Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	disgust	moviereview
10556	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	disgust	moviereview
10557	All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	sadness	moviereview
10558	This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	disgust	moviereview
10559	I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .	disgust	moviereview
10560	But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	noemotion	moviereview
10561	Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	disgust	moviereview
10562	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	disgust	moviereview
10563	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	disgust	moviereview
10564	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	disgust	moviereview
10565	Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .	disgust	moviereview
10566	None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	disgust	moviereview
10567	The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	disgust	moviereview
10568	` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	disgust	moviereview
10569	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	disgust	moviereview
10570	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	disgust	moviereview
10571	While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .	disgust	moviereview
10572	A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	disgust	moviereview
10573	What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	noemotion	moviereview
10574	Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .	disgust	moviereview
10575	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	disgust	moviereview
10576	The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	disgust	moviereview
10577	What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	disgust	moviereview
10578	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	disgust	moviereview
10579	With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	disgust	moviereview
10580	It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	joy	moviereview
10581	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	disgust	moviereview
10582	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .	disgust	moviereview
10583	You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	disgust	moviereview
10584	A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
10585	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	disgust	moviereview
10586	Seriously , rent the Disney version .	noemotion	moviereview
10587	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	disgust	moviereview
10588	Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .	noemotion	moviereview
10589	It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	disgust	moviereview
10590	`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	disgust	moviereview
10591	Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	disgust	moviereview
10592	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	joy	moviereview
10593	A loquacious and dreary piece of business .	disgust	moviereview
10594	What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .	disgust	moviereview
10595	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention	disgust	moviereview
10596	Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	disgust	moviereview
10597	Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	joy	moviereview
10598	Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	disgust	moviereview
10599	I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	disgust	moviereview
10600	While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .	disgust	moviereview
10601	I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .	disgust	moviereview
10602	The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	disgust	moviereview
10603	Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .	disgust	moviereview
10604	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	disgust	moviereview
10605	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	disgust	moviereview
10606	If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	joy	moviereview
10607	This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	disgust	moviereview
10608	A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .	joy	moviereview
10609	He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .	noemotion	moviereview
10610	But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	disgust	moviereview
10611	May puzzle his most ardent fans .	noemotion	moviereview
10612	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	disgust	moviereview
10613	We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	disgust	moviereview
10614	Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	disgust	moviereview
10615	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .	noemotion	moviereview
10616	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	disgust	moviereview
10617	Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	disgust	moviereview
10618	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''	disgust	moviereview
10619	The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	disgust	moviereview
10620	... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	joy	moviereview
10621	More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	disgust	moviereview
10622	TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	disgust	moviereview
10623	-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	joy	moviereview
10624	If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	disgust	moviereview
10625	It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .	disgust	moviereview
10626	Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	disgust	moviereview
10627	Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	disgust	moviereview
10628	Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	disgust	moviereview
10629	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .	disgust	moviereview
10630	Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	disgust	moviereview
10631	Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	disgust	moviereview
10632	Vulgar is too optimistic a title .	disgust	moviereview
10633	The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .	disgust	moviereview
10634	The characters never change .	noemotion	moviereview
10635	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	disgust	moviereview
10636	Welles groupie/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .	joy	moviereview
10637	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	disgust	moviereview
10638	Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	disgust	moviereview
10639	A bad movie that happened to good actors .	disgust	moviereview
10640	Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	disgust	moviereview
10641	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	disgust	moviereview
10642	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	disgust	moviereview
10643	That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	disgust	moviereview
10644	It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	sadness	moviereview
10645	Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	disgust	moviereview
10646	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	fear	moviereview
10647	The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	sadness	moviereview
10648	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .	disgust	moviereview
10649	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	disgust	moviereview
10650	Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	disgust	moviereview
10651	In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	disgust	moviereview
10652	-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	disgust	moviereview
10653	The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	disgust	moviereview
10654	What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	disgust	moviereview
10655	Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .	disgust	moviereview
10656	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	disgust	moviereview
10657	Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	disgust	moviereview
10658	Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	disgust	moviereview
10659	Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	joy	moviereview
10660	All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	disgust	moviereview
10661	-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .	disgust	moviereview
10662	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	disgust	moviereview
10663	For dance completists only .	noemotion	moviereview
10664	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	noemotion	moviereview
10665	It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	disgust	moviereview
10666	The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	disgust	moviereview
10667	Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .	noemotion	moviereview
10668	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
10669	This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	disgust	moviereview
10670	Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	disgust	moviereview
10671	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	disgust	moviereview
10672	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .	disgust	moviereview
10673	Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	disgust	moviereview
10674	The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	fear	moviereview
10675	Low comedy does n't come much lower .	disgust	moviereview
10676	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	disgust	moviereview
10677	It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	disgust	moviereview
10678	One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	disgust	moviereview
10679	This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	disgust	moviereview
10680	Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .	disgust	moviereview
10681	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	disgust	moviereview
10682	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	disgust	moviereview
10683	The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	disgust	moviereview
10684	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	disgust	moviereview
10685	Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	disgust	moviereview
10686	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	disgust	moviereview
10687	I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	disgust	moviereview
10688	... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	disgust	moviereview
10689	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	disgust	moviereview
10690	One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	disgust	moviereview
10691	Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	disgust	moviereview
10692	The film 's most improbable feat ?	noemotion	moviereview
10693	It did n't go straight to video .	disgust	moviereview
10694	... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	disgust	moviereview
10695	The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	disgust	moviereview
10696	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	disgust	moviereview
10697	It 's not too fast and not too slow .	noemotion	moviereview
10698	It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	noemotion	moviereview
10699	It 's not too much of anything .	disgust	moviereview
10700	The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	disgust	moviereview
10701	About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	disgust	moviereview
10702	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	disgust	moviereview
10703	We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	disgust	moviereview
10704	Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	disgust	moviereview
10705	Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .	noemotion	moviereview
10706	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	disgust	moviereview
10707	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	disgust	moviereview
10708	Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .	noemotion	moviereview
10709	Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	disgust	moviereview
10710	Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	surprise	moviereview
10711	Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	disgust	moviereview
10712	The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	disgust	moviereview
10713	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .	disgust	moviereview
10714	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	disgust	moviereview
10715	A Movie to Forget	disgust	moviereview
10716	For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .	disgust	moviereview
10717	Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	sadness	moviereview
10718	The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	disgust	moviereview
10719	It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	disgust	moviereview
10720	The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	disgust	moviereview
10721	The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	disgust	moviereview
10722	Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	disgust	moviereview
10723	It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	disgust	moviereview
10724	Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	disgust	moviereview
10725	The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	disgust	moviereview
10726	Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .	noemotion	moviereview
10727	So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	disgust	moviereview
10728	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	disgust	moviereview
10729	Stale and clichd to a fault .	disgust	moviereview
10730	This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	disgust	moviereview
10731	Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	disgust	moviereview
10732	The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	disgust	moviereview
10733	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	disgust	moviereview
10734	Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	disgust	moviereview
10735	Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .	disgust	moviereview
10736	Witless and utterly pointless .	disgust	moviereview
10737	When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	disgust	moviereview
10738	Show me the mugging .	noemotion	moviereview
10739	Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .	joy	moviereview
10740	Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	disgust	moviereview
10741	As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	disgust	moviereview
10742	A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	disgust	moviereview
10743	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	disgust	moviereview
10744	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	disgust	moviereview
10745	It 's just rather leaden and dull .	disgust	moviereview
10746	Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	disgust	moviereview
10747	Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	disgust	moviereview
10748	Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	disgust	moviereview
10749	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	joy	moviereview
10750	De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	disgust	moviereview
10751	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	disgust	moviereview
10752	There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	disgust	moviereview
10753	When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	anticipation	moviereview
10754	The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	disgust	moviereview
10755	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	disgust	moviereview
10756	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	disgust	moviereview
10757	essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	noemotion	moviereview
10758	... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	disgust	moviereview
10759	Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	disgust	moviereview
10760	The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	disgust	moviereview
10761	A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	disgust	moviereview
10762	This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	noemotion	moviereview
10763	It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	noemotion	moviereview
10764	I ca n't .	noemotion	moviereview
10765	In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	joy	moviereview
10766	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	disgust	moviereview
10767	The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .	joy	moviereview
10768	A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .	disgust	moviereview
10769	A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	disgust	moviereview
10770	The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	disgust	moviereview
10771	As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	noemotion	moviereview
10772	is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	disgust	moviereview
10773	Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .	disgust	moviereview
10774	... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	disgust	moviereview
10775	After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	disgust	moviereview
10776	Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	disgust	moviereview
10777	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	disgust	moviereview
10778	Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	disgust	moviereview
10779	At times , it actually hurts to watch .	disgust	moviereview
10780	Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	disgust	moviereview
10781	The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	disgust	moviereview
10782	-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	disgust	moviereview
10783	The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	disgust	moviereview
10784	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	disgust	moviereview
10785	I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	disgust	moviereview
10786	Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .	disgust	moviereview
10787	And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	noemotion	moviereview
10788	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	disgust	moviereview
10789	A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	joy	moviereview
10790	But it does n't leave you with much .	noemotion	moviereview
10791	I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	disgust	moviereview
10792	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	disgust	moviereview
10793	There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	disgust	moviereview
10794	Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	noemotion	moviereview
10795	This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	disgust	moviereview
10796	There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	disgust	moviereview
10797	One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	disgust	moviereview
10798	From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	disgust	moviereview
10799	Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .	disgust	moviereview
10800	Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	surprise	moviereview
10801	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	disgust	moviereview
10802	Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	disgust	moviereview
10803	A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .	disgust	moviereview
10804	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	disgust	moviereview
10805	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .	joy	moviereview
10806	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	disgust	moviereview
10807	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	disgust	moviereview
10808	Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	disgust	moviereview
10809	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	disgust	moviereview
10810	So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	disgust	moviereview
10811	A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	disgust	moviereview
10812	Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .	disgust	moviereview
10813	This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	disgust	moviereview
10814	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	disgust	moviereview
10815	The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 / 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	disgust	moviereview
10816	It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	disgust	moviereview
10817	In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .	disgust	moviereview
10818	He 's worked too hard on this movie .	sadness	moviereview
10819	The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	disgust	moviereview
10820	The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	noemotion	moviereview
10821	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	noemotion	moviereview
10822	The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity .	disgust	moviereview
10823	What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	sadness	moviereview
10824	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	disgust	moviereview
10825	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	disgust	moviereview
10826	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	disgust	moviereview
10827	This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	disgust	moviereview
10828	It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	disgust	moviereview
10829	Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	disgust	moviereview
10830	A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	disgust	moviereview
10831	Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	disgust	moviereview
10832	There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	disgust	moviereview
10833	It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	disgust	moviereview
10834	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	disgust	moviereview
10835	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	disgust	moviereview
10836	Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	disgust	moviereview
10837	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .	disgust	moviereview
10838	This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .	disgust	moviereview
10839	Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	disgust	moviereview
10840	Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .	disgust	moviereview
10841	Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	disgust	moviereview
10842	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	disgust	moviereview
10843	The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	disgust	moviereview
10844	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	disgust	moviereview
10845	It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	disgust	moviereview
10846	It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	joy	moviereview
10847	Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	sadness	moviereview
10848	You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	disgust	moviereview
10849	` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	disgust	moviereview
10850	It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .	disgust	moviereview
10851	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .	disgust	moviereview
10852	The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	disgust	moviereview
10853	I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	disgust	moviereview
10854	Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	disgust	moviereview
10855	Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	disgust	moviereview
10856	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .	joy	moviereview
10857	Get out your pooper-scoopers .	disgust	moviereview
10858	While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	joy	moviereview
10859	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	disgust	moviereview
10860	Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony .	disgust	moviereview
10861	More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
10862	There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .	disgust	moviereview
10863	It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	disgust	moviereview
10864	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	disgust	moviereview
10865	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !	noemotion	moviereview
10866	-- was a fad that had long since vanished .	disgust	moviereview
10867	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	disgust	moviereview
10868	Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	disgust	moviereview
10869	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	disgust	moviereview
10870	more precious than perspicacious	joy	moviereview
10871	If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	disgust	moviereview
10872	-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	disgust	moviereview
10873	If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .	disgust	moviereview
10874	Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	joy	moviereview
10875	Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	disgust	moviereview
10876	Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	disgust	moviereview
10877	Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
10878	While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .	joy	moviereview
10879	It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	disgust	moviereview
10880	Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	disgust	moviereview
10881	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	disgust	moviereview
10882	Nor is it a romantic comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
10883	Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	surprise	moviereview
10884	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	disgust	moviereview
10885	It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	noemotion	moviereview
10886	In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	disgust	moviereview
10887	Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	disgust	moviereview
10888	The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	disgust	moviereview
10889	Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	noemotion	moviereview
10890	It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	disgust	moviereview
10891	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	disgust	moviereview
10892	Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	disgust	moviereview
10893	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	disgust	moviereview
10894	Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	disgust	moviereview
10895	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	disgust	moviereview
10896	It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .	disgust	moviereview
10897	The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	disgust	moviereview
10898	A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	disgust	moviereview
10899	All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	joy	moviereview
10900	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	disgust	moviereview
10901	There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	disgust	moviereview
10902	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .	disgust	moviereview
10903	Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	disgust	moviereview
10904	Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	disgust	moviereview
10905	Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	disgust	moviereview
10906	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	disgust	moviereview
10907	Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	disgust	moviereview
10908	A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	disgust	moviereview
10909	An empty , purposeless exercise .	disgust	moviereview
10910	Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	noemotion	moviereview
10911	Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	disgust	moviereview
10912	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	disgust	moviereview
10913	Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	disgust	moviereview
10914	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	disgust	moviereview
10915	What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	disgust	moviereview
10916	Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .	joy	moviereview
10917	Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	disgust	moviereview
10918	It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .	disgust	moviereview
10919	Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	disgust	moviereview
10920	When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .	sadness	moviereview
10921	This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	disgust	moviereview
10922	Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	joy	moviereview
10923	If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .	joy	moviereview
10924	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	disgust	moviereview
10925	The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	disgust	moviereview
10926	This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	disgust	moviereview
10927	A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	joy	moviereview
10928	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	disgust	moviereview
10929	The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	disgust	moviereview
10930	Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .	disgust	moviereview
10931	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	disgust	moviereview
10932	Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	disgust	moviereview
10933	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .	noemotion	moviereview
10934	Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	disgust	moviereview
10935	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	disgust	moviereview
10936	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	disgust	moviereview
10937	A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	joy	moviereview
10938	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	joy	moviereview
10939	But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	disgust	moviereview
10940	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	joy	moviereview
10941	It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	disgust	moviereview
10942	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	disgust	moviereview
10943	This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	joy	moviereview
10944	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	joy	moviereview
10945	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	disgust	moviereview
10946	The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .	joy	moviereview
10947	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	disgust	moviereview
10948	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	joy	moviereview
10949	Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	noemotion	moviereview
10950	Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	disgust	moviereview
10951	What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	disgust	moviereview
10952	A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	disgust	moviereview
10953	The movie is without intent .	disgust	moviereview
10954	Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
10955	While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	disgust	moviereview
10956	If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .	disgust	moviereview
10957	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	disgust	moviereview
10958	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	disgust	moviereview
10959	You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .	disgust	moviereview
10960	The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?	disgust	moviereview
10961	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	disgust	moviereview
10962	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	disgust	moviereview
10963	Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	disgust	moviereview
10964	It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	joy	moviereview
10965	Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	sadness	moviereview
10966	... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	disgust	moviereview
10967	Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	disgust	moviereview
10968	He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	sadness	moviereview
10969	I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	disgust	moviereview
10970	It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	disgust	moviereview
10971	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	noemotion	moviereview
10972	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	sadness	moviereview
10973	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	disgust	moviereview
10974	No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	disgust	moviereview
10975	Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	disgust	moviereview
10976	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	disgust	moviereview
10977	Bang !	noemotion	moviereview
10978	Zoom !	noemotion	moviereview
10979	It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .	disgust	moviereview
10980	Lurid and less than lucid work .	disgust	moviereview
10981	A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	disgust	moviereview
10982	At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	noemotion	moviereview
10983	If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	joy	moviereview
10984	This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !	disgust	moviereview
10985	True Hollywood Story .	noemotion	moviereview
10986	This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .	disgust	moviereview
10987	Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	disgust	moviereview
10988	A porn film without the sex scenes .	disgust	moviereview
10989	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	disgust	moviereview
10990	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	disgust	moviereview
10991	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .	sadness	moviereview
10992	By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .	disgust	moviereview
10993	Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !	noemotion	moviereview
10994	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	disgust	moviereview
10995	Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	disgust	moviereview
10996	Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	noemotion	moviereview
10997	Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .	joy	moviereview
10998	Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	joy	moviereview
10999	The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .	disgust	moviereview
11000	In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24/7 .	disgust	moviereview
11001	For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	disgust	moviereview
11002	A thriller without a lot of thrills .	disgust	moviereview
11003	This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	disgust	moviereview
11004	Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !	noemotion	moviereview
11005	Alas , another breathless movie about same !	disgust	moviereview
11006	In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	joy	moviereview
11007	Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	disgust	moviereview
11008	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	disgust	moviereview
11009	Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	disgust	moviereview
11010	Slap her - she 's not funny !	disgust	moviereview
11011	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	disgust	moviereview
11012	Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	joy	moviereview
11013	`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	disgust	moviereview
11014	Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	noemotion	moviereview
11015	`` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''	joy	moviereview
11016	Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .	disgust	moviereview
11017	One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	joy	moviereview
11018	What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	disgust	moviereview
11019	It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	disgust	moviereview
11020	Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	disgust	moviereview
11021	Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	disgust	moviereview
11022	The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	disgust	moviereview
11023	I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	disgust	moviereview
11024	An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	disgust	moviereview
11025	Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	disgust	moviereview
11026	can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included	disgust	moviereview
11027	Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	disgust	moviereview
11028	It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	disgust	moviereview
11029	In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	surprise	moviereview
11030	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''	disgust	moviereview
11031	Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	disgust	moviereview
11032	Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
11033	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	disgust	moviereview
11034	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .	joy	moviereview
11035	The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	disgust	moviereview
11036	A great script brought down by lousy direction .	disgust	moviereview
11037	Same guy with both hats .	noemotion	moviereview
11038	Big mistake .	disgust	moviereview
11039	A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	disgust	moviereview
11040	Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	joy	moviereview
11041	He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	disgust	moviereview
11042	In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	disgust	moviereview
11043	The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11044	Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	disgust	moviereview
11045	According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	disgust	moviereview
11046	An encouraging effort from McCrudden	joy	moviereview
11047	The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	disgust	moviereview
11048	If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .	disgust	moviereview
11049	Fortunately , you still have that option .	noemotion	moviereview
11050	Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	disgust	moviereview
11051	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	disgust	moviereview
11052	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...	disgust	moviereview
11053	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	disgust	moviereview
11054	This u-boat does n't have a captain .	noemotion	moviereview
11055	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	disgust	moviereview
11056	This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	disgust	moviereview
11057	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	disgust	moviereview
11058	I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	disgust	moviereview
11059	Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	disgust	moviereview
11060	After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .	disgust	moviereview
11061	A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	disgust	moviereview
11062	The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	disgust	moviereview
11063	But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	noemotion	moviereview
11064	Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	noemotion	moviereview
11065	As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	disgust	moviereview
11066	... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .	disgust	moviereview
11067	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	disgust	moviereview
11068	It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	disgust	moviereview
11069	The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	disgust	moviereview
11070	The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	noemotion	moviereview
11071	But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	disgust	moviereview
11072	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	disgust	moviereview
11073	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	disgust	moviereview
11074	What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	disgust	moviereview
11075	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .	disgust	moviereview
11076	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	disgust	moviereview
11077	The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	disgust	moviereview
11078	The Master of Disguise is awful .	disgust	moviereview
11079	It 's Pauly Shore awful .	disgust	moviereview
11080	Do n't say you were n't warned .	disgust	moviereview
11081	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	disgust	moviereview
11082	The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	disgust	moviereview
11083	` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	noemotion	moviereview
11084	What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	joy	moviereview
11085	An ugly , revolting movie .	disgust	moviereview
11086	The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .	disgust	moviereview
11087	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	disgust	moviereview
11088	Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	disgust	moviereview
11089	You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	disgust	moviereview
11090	Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	disgust	moviereview
11091	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	disgust	moviereview
11092	The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	disgust	moviereview
11093	From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten	disgust	moviereview
11094	My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	disgust	moviereview
11095	A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	disgust	moviereview
11096	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	disgust	moviereview
11097	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	disgust	moviereview
11098	The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	disgust	moviereview
11099	An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	disgust	moviereview
11100	Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	disgust	moviereview
11101	Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	disgust	moviereview
11102	Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	sadness	moviereview
11103	Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	disgust	moviereview
11104	While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	disgust	moviereview
11105	The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	surprise	moviereview
11106	Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	disgust	moviereview
11107	Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	disgust	moviereview
11108	Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	disgust	moviereview
11109	This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	disgust	moviereview
11110	Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	joy	moviereview
11111	Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .	disgust	moviereview
11112	The film is all over the place , really .	disgust	moviereview
11113	It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	disgust	moviereview
11114	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	joy	moviereview
11115	The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	disgust	moviereview
11116	Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	disgust	moviereview
11117	When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	disgust	moviereview
11118	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	disgust	moviereview
11119	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	disgust	moviereview
11120	While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	joy	moviereview
11121	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	disgust	moviereview
11122	Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	disgust	moviereview
11123	It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	disgust	moviereview
11124	And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	disgust	moviereview
11125	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .	disgust	moviereview
11126	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .	disgust	moviereview
11127	Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	disgust	moviereview
11128	The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .	disgust	moviereview
11129	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	disgust	moviereview
11130	The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	disgust	moviereview
11131	It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	disgust	moviereview
11132	All mood and no movie .	disgust	moviereview
11133	Press the delete key .	disgust	moviereview
11134	Simone is not a bad film .	joy	moviereview
11135	It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	noemotion	moviereview
11136	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	noemotion	moviereview
11137	... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .	disgust	moviereview
11138	Wait to see it then .	noemotion	moviereview
11139	There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	disgust	moviereview
11140	Or for the year , for that matter .	noemotion	moviereview
11141	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	disgust	moviereview
11142	This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	disgust	moviereview
11143	Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	disgust	moviereview
11144	Over and over again .	noemotion	moviereview
11145	The threat implied in the title Pokmon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	fear	moviereview
11146	The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	disgust	moviereview
11147	To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	disgust	moviereview
11148	Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	disgust	moviereview
11149	The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	disgust	moviereview
11150	By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .	joy	moviereview
11151	Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .	noemotion	moviereview
11152	It 's not an easy one to review .	noemotion	moviereview
11153	At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	disgust	moviereview
11154	But it would be better to wait for the video .	noemotion	moviereview
11155	And a very rainy day .	noemotion	moviereview
11156	The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	disgust	moviereview
11157	Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	joy	moviereview
11158	Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?	noemotion	moviereview
11159	Um , no. .	noemotion	moviereview
11160	But here 's a movie about it anyway .	noemotion	moviereview
11161	Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	disgust	moviereview
11162	The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	disgust	moviereview
11163	But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .	joy	moviereview
11164	Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	disgust	moviereview
11165	Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	noemotion	moviereview
11166	Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .	joy	moviereview
11167	But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	sadness	moviereview
11168	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	disgust	moviereview
11169	Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	joy	moviereview
11170	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	disgust	moviereview
11171	It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	disgust	moviereview
11172	Woody , what happened ?	surprise	moviereview
11173	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	joy	moviereview
11174	It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	disgust	moviereview
11175	You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	disgust	moviereview
11176	Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	disgust	moviereview
11177	Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	disgust	moviereview
11178	Routine and rather silly .	disgust	moviereview
11179	A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	disgust	moviereview
11180	Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	disgust	moviereview
11181	You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	disgust	moviereview
11182	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	joy	moviereview
11183	While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	disgust	moviereview
11184	Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	disgust	moviereview
11185	If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .	disgust	moviereview
11186	If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.	disgust	moviereview
11187	A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .	disgust	moviereview
11188	How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	disgust	moviereview
11189	On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	disgust	moviereview
11190	The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	disgust	moviereview
11191	More trifle than triumph .	disgust	moviereview
11192	The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	disgust	moviereview
11193	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	disgust	moviereview
11194	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	disgust	moviereview
11195	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	disgust	moviereview
11196	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	disgust	moviereview
11197	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	disgust	moviereview
11198	Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .	disgust	moviereview
11199	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	disgust	moviereview
11200	As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f *** ed ' .	noemotion	moviereview
11201	Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	noemotion	moviereview
11202	... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	disgust	moviereview
11203	Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
11204	A well-acted , but one-note film .	joy	moviereview
11205	Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .	disgust	moviereview
11206	The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	disgust	moviereview
11207	-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	disgust	moviereview
11208	And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	joy	moviereview
11209	There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
11210	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	disgust	moviereview
11211	It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	disgust	moviereview
11212	Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	disgust	moviereview
11213	The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .	disgust	moviereview
11214	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	disgust	moviereview
11215	Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .	disgust	moviereview
11216	The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	disgust	moviereview
11217	We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .	disgust	moviereview
11218	Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	disgust	moviereview
11219	More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	disgust	moviereview
11220	Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	disgust	moviereview
11221	When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	disgust	moviereview
11222	This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	disgust	moviereview
11223	Marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
11224	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	disgust	moviereview
11225	But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	disgust	moviereview
11226	-LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	disgust	moviereview
11227	Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	disgust	moviereview
11228	Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	disgust	moviereview
11229	The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .	disgust	moviereview
11230	We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	disgust	moviereview
11231	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	disgust	moviereview
11232	It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	disgust	moviereview
11233	Shame on writer/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	disgust	moviereview
11234	Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .	disgust	moviereview
11235	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	disgust	moviereview
11236	Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	disgust	moviereview
11237	With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .	disgust	moviereview
11238	Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	noemotion	moviereview
11239	When the twist endings were actually surprising ?	surprise	moviereview
11240	When the violence actually shocked ?	noemotion	moviereview
11241	When the heroes were actually under 40 ?	noemotion	moviereview
11242	Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	sadness	moviereview
11243	Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	disgust	moviereview
11244	This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	disgust	moviereview
11245	What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .	disgust	moviereview
11246	In other words , it 's badder than bad .	disgust	moviereview
11247	If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	disgust	moviereview
11248	A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .	disgust	moviereview
11249	A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	disgust	moviereview
11250	Where the film falters is in its tone .	disgust	moviereview
11251	The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	disgust	moviereview
11252	Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	disgust	moviereview
11253	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	disgust	moviereview
11254	Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	disgust	moviereview
11255	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .	joy	moviereview
11256	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	disgust	moviereview
11257	An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .	disgust	moviereview
11258	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	disgust	moviereview
11259	A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	noemotion	moviereview
11260	It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	disgust	moviereview
11261	Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .	disgust	moviereview
11262	Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	noemotion	moviereview
11263	Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	disgust	moviereview
11264	The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	disgust	moviereview
11265	It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up .	disgust	moviereview
11266	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	noemotion	moviereview
11267	in period costume and with a bigger budget .	noemotion	moviereview
11268	It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	joy	moviereview
11269	While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	disgust	moviereview
11270	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	disgust	moviereview
11271	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	disgust	moviereview
11272	A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	disgust	moviereview
11273	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and clich .	disgust	moviereview
11274	Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	disgust	moviereview
11275	This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	disgust	moviereview
11276	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?	noemotion	moviereview
11277	` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	disgust	moviereview
11278	The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	disgust	moviereview
11279	Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	noemotion	moviereview
11280	It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	disgust	moviereview
11281	Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	disgust	moviereview
11282	Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	joy	moviereview
11283	Hate it because it 's lousy .	disgust	moviereview
11284	... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	sadness	moviereview
11285	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	disgust	moviereview
11286	The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	disgust	moviereview
11287	Competently directed but terminally cute drama .	joy	moviereview
11288	The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	disgust	moviereview
11289	Not just unlikable .	disgust	moviereview
11290	Disturbing .	disgust	moviereview
11291	Disgusting .	disgust	moviereview
11292	Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	disgust	moviereview
11293	This thing is virtually unwatchable .	disgust	moviereview
11294	Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .	joy	moviereview
11295	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	noemotion	moviereview
11296	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	joy	moviereview
11297	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	disgust	moviereview
11298	The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	disgust	moviereview
11299	In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	disgust	moviereview
11300	Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	disgust	moviereview
11301	The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	disgust	moviereview
11302	The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	disgust	moviereview
11303	A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	disgust	moviereview
11304	The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	disgust	moviereview
11305	Spy-vs .	noemotion	moviereview
11306	- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .	anticipation	moviereview
11307	A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .	disgust	moviereview
11308	The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .	disgust	moviereview
11309	Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	sadness	moviereview
11310	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	surprise	moviereview
11311	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	joy	moviereview
11312	This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	disgust	moviereview
11313	This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	disgust	moviereview
11314	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	disgust	moviereview
11315	The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	disgust	moviereview
11316	Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	disgust	moviereview
11317	A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .	disgust	moviereview
11318	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .	disgust	moviereview
11319	Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .	disgust	moviereview
11320	An extraordinarily silly thriller .	disgust	moviereview
11321	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	disgust	moviereview
11322	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	disgust	moviereview
11323	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	disgust	moviereview
11324	The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	disgust	moviereview
11325	The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	joy	moviereview
11326	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	disgust	moviereview
11327	Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .	disgust	moviereview
11328	What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	disgust	moviereview
11329	No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	disgust	moviereview
11330	The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	noemotion	moviereview
11331	The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	disgust	moviereview
11332	... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	disgust	moviereview
11333	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	disgust	moviereview
11334	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	disgust	moviereview
11335	The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	disgust	moviereview
11336	This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	disgust	moviereview
11337	This off-putting French romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amlie .	disgust	moviereview
11338	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	disgust	moviereview
11339	Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .	noemotion	moviereview
11340	If there ai n't none , you have a problem .	noemotion	moviereview
11341	The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '	disgust	moviereview
11342	Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .	disgust	moviereview
11343	Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	disgust	moviereview
11344	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	disgust	moviereview
11345	More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	disgust	moviereview
11346	Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	disgust	moviereview
11347	It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	disgust	moviereview
11348	Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	disgust	moviereview
11349	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11350	The drama discloses almost nothing .	disgust	moviereview
11351	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	disgust	moviereview
11352	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .	disgust	moviereview
11353	As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	disgust	moviereview
11354	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	disgust	moviereview
11355	There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	disgust	moviereview
11356	And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .	noemotion	moviereview
11357	Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	disgust	moviereview
11358	It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	disgust	moviereview
11359	It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	noemotion	moviereview
11360	The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .	joy	moviereview
11361	But it does n't need Gangs of New York .	noemotion	moviereview
11362	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .	disgust	moviereview
11363	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	joy	moviereview
11364	It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .	noemotion	moviereview
11365	Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .	joy	moviereview
11366	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	anger	moviereview
11367	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .	disgust	moviereview
11368	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	disgust	moviereview
11369	Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	disgust	moviereview
11370	Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	disgust	moviereview
11371	It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	disgust	moviereview
11372	Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	disgust	moviereview
11373	... a rather bland affair .	disgust	moviereview
11374	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	disgust	moviereview
11375	The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	disgust	moviereview
11376	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	disgust	moviereview
11377	Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	disgust	moviereview
11378	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	disgust	moviereview
11379	A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .	disgust	moviereview
11380	All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	disgust	moviereview
11381	The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	disgust	moviereview
11382	Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naf 's encounter with the world .	disgust	moviereview
11383	Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .	joy	moviereview
11384	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	disgust	moviereview
11385	I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .	disgust	moviereview
11386	If you go , pack your knitting needles .	noemotion	moviereview
11387	The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	disgust	moviereview
11388	We do n't even like their characters .	disgust	moviereview
11389	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	disgust	moviereview
11390	The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	disgust	moviereview
11391	It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	disgust	moviereview
11392	This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	disgust	moviereview
11393	Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	disgust	moviereview
11394	It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	disgust	moviereview
11395	A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	disgust	moviereview
11396	The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .	disgust	moviereview
11397	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	disgust	moviereview
11398	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	disgust	moviereview
11399	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	surprise	moviereview
11400	Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	noemotion	moviereview
11401	Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	disgust	moviereview
11402	Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	disgust	moviereview
11403	The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	disgust	moviereview
11404	You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	anticipation	moviereview
11405	I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	disgust	moviereview
11406	Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	disgust	moviereview
11407	The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	disgust	moviereview
11408	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	disgust	moviereview
11409	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''	noemotion	moviereview
11410	- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	joy	moviereview
11411	A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	disgust	moviereview
11412	An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	disgust	moviereview
11413	... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	disgust	moviereview
11414	The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	disgust	moviereview
11415	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	disgust	moviereview
11416	A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	noemotion	moviereview
11417	One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	disgust	moviereview
11418	Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality	joy	moviereview
11419	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .	disgust	moviereview
11420	-LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .	disgust	moviereview
11421	Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	disgust	moviereview
11422	Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	disgust	moviereview
11423	... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	disgust	moviereview
11424	Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	disgust	moviereview
11425	The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	disgust	moviereview
11426	You have no affinity for most of the characters .	disgust	moviereview
11427	Nothing about them is attractive .	disgust	moviereview
11428	What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	noemotion	moviereview
11429	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	joy	moviereview
11430	A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	disgust	moviereview
11431	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	disgust	moviereview
11432	It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	disgust	moviereview
11433	Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .	fear	moviereview
11434	Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	disgust	moviereview
11435	Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .	disgust	moviereview
11436	No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .	disgust	moviereview
11437	You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	disgust	moviereview
11438	` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	disgust	moviereview
11439	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	disgust	moviereview
11440	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	joy	moviereview
11441	Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	disgust	moviereview
11442	Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	disgust	moviereview
11443	How about surprising us by trying something new ?	disgust	moviereview
11444	Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .	disgust	moviereview
11445	Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .	disgust	moviereview
11446	If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''	noemotion	moviereview
11447	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	disgust	moviereview
11448	You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	disgust	moviereview
11449	The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	disgust	moviereview
11450	This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	disgust	moviereview
11451	A full-frontal attack on audience patience .	disgust	moviereview
11452	Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	disgust	moviereview
11453	It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	disgust	moviereview
11454	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	disgust	moviereview
11455	One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	disgust	moviereview
11456	Too bad none of it is funny .	disgust	moviereview
11457	The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .	disgust	moviereview
11458	The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	disgust	moviereview
11459	The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .	joy	moviereview
11460	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	disgust	moviereview
11461	Oh , and more entertaining , too .	joy	moviereview
11462	... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	disgust	moviereview
11463	Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	disgust	moviereview
11464	Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	disgust	moviereview
11465	The film is strictly routine .	noemotion	moviereview
11466	Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	disgust	moviereview
11467	While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .	disgust	moviereview
11468	In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	disgust	moviereview
11469	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	disgust	moviereview
11470	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	disgust	moviereview
11471	You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	disgust	moviereview
11472	Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	disgust	moviereview
11473	If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	disgust	moviereview
11474	We get the comedy we settle for .	disgust	moviereview
11475	The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	joy	moviereview
11476	Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	disgust	moviereview
11477	A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	disgust	moviereview
11478	And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	noemotion	moviereview
11479	The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .	disgust	moviereview
11480	Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	disgust	moviereview
11481	The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	disgust	moviereview
11482	Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	disgust	moviereview
11483	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	disgust	moviereview
11484	All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	disgust	moviereview
11485	Hey Arnold !	noemotion	moviereview
11486	is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .	disgust	moviereview
11487	Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .	joy	moviereview
11488	True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	disgust	moviereview
11489	Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	disgust	moviereview
11490	The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	disgust	moviereview
11491	Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
11492	The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	joy	moviereview
11493	Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	disgust	moviereview
11494	It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	disgust	moviereview
11495	Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	disgust	moviereview
11496	... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	disgust	moviereview
11497	The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	disgust	moviereview
11498	Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	disgust	moviereview
11499	In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	disgust	moviereview
11500	Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	disgust	moviereview
11501	You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	joy	moviereview
11502	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .	disgust	moviereview
11503	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	disgust	moviereview
11504	Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	disgust	moviereview
11505	the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .	noemotion	moviereview
11506	That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''	disgust	moviereview
11507	It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	disgust	moviereview
11508	If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	disgust	moviereview
11509	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	disgust	moviereview
11510	It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	disgust	moviereview
11511	Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	disgust	moviereview
11512	As pedestrian as they come .	disgust	moviereview
11513	A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	disgust	moviereview
11514	It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	disgust	moviereview
11515	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	noemotion	moviereview
11516	More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	fear	moviereview
11517	An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	disgust	moviereview
11518	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	disgust	moviereview
11519	As saccharine as it is disposable .	disgust	moviereview
11520	You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	disgust	moviereview
11521	The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	disgust	moviereview
11522	Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	disgust	moviereview
11523	Too much power , not enough puff .	sadness	moviereview
11524	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	disgust	moviereview
11525	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	disgust	moviereview
11526	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	disgust	moviereview
11527	Muddled , trashy and incompetent	disgust	moviereview
11528	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .	disgust	moviereview
11529	Narc is all menace and atmosphere .	joy	moviereview
11530	Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	disgust	moviereview
11531	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	disgust	moviereview
11532	It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	disgust	moviereview
11533	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	disgust	moviereview
11534	It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	disgust	moviereview
11535	A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	disgust	moviereview
11536	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	disgust	moviereview
11537	As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	disgust	moviereview
11538	The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	disgust	moviereview
11539	Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	disgust	moviereview
11540	`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	joy	moviereview
11541	One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .	joy	moviereview
11542	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	joy	moviereview
11543	It 's a masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
11544	It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	noemotion	moviereview
11545	They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	noemotion	moviereview
11546	And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	noemotion	moviereview
11547	Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	joy	moviereview
11548	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	joy	moviereview
11549	A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	sadness	moviereview
11550	By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	joy	moviereview
11551	Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	joy	moviereview
11552	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	joy	moviereview
11553	The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	joy	moviereview
11554	As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .	joy	moviereview
11555	Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	joy	moviereview
11556	Catch it ... if you can !	joy	moviereview
11557	Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	disgust	moviereview
11558	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .	disgust	moviereview
11559	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	noemotion	moviereview
11560	It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	joy	moviereview
11561	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	joy	moviereview
11562	The script is smart , not cloying .	joy	moviereview
11563	Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	joy	moviereview
11564	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	joy	moviereview
11565	One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	joy	moviereview
11566	An ambitious ` what if ? '	other	moviereview
11567	that works .	noemotion	moviereview
11568	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	joy	moviereview
11569	Nice piece of work .	joy	moviereview
11570	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	disgust	moviereview
11571	It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	joy	moviereview
11572	Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	joy	moviereview
11573	The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	joy	moviereview
11574	From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '	joy	moviereview
11575	Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .	joy	moviereview
11576	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	joy	moviereview
11577	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	disgust	moviereview
11578	Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''	noemotion	moviereview
11579	Go back to sleep .	disgust	moviereview
11580	I did n't laugh .	disgust	moviereview
11581	I did n't smile .	sadness	moviereview
11582	I survived .	noemotion	moviereview
11583	The worst film of the year .	disgust	moviereview
11584	In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition	disgust	moviereview
11585	A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	disgust	moviereview
11586	Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	disgust	moviereview
11587	Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	disgust	moviereview
11588	This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	disgust	moviereview
11589	Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	disgust	moviereview
11590	The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	disgust	moviereview
11591	... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	disgust	moviereview
11592	By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	disgust	moviereview
11593	I ca n't recommend it .	disgust	moviereview
11594	But it 's surprisingly harmless .	surprise	moviereview
11595	What 's next ?	anticipation	moviereview
11596	The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	noemotion	moviereview
11597	The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	disgust	moviereview
11598	There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .	noemotion	moviereview
11599	Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	noemotion	moviereview
11600	Absolutely not .	noemotion	moviereview
11601	It sucked .	disgust	moviereview
11602	Would I see it again ?	noemotion	moviereview
11603	Please see previous answer .	noemotion	moviereview
11604	It 's exactly what you 'd expect .	noemotion	moviereview
11605	`` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .	joy	moviereview
11606	A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	disgust	moviereview
11607	The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	disgust	moviereview
11608	This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	disgust	moviereview
11609	What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	disgust	moviereview
11610	If only it were , well , funnier .	disgust	moviereview
11611	The script ?	noemotion	moviereview
11612	Please .	noemotion	moviereview
11613	Does n't add up to much .	disgust	moviereview
11614	One of the worst movies of the year .	disgust	moviereview
11615	A complete waste of time .	disgust	moviereview
11616	Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	disgust	moviereview
11617	One of the worst movies of the year .	disgust	moviereview
11618	... Watching it was painful .	disgust	moviereview
11619	The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	disgust	moviereview
11620	Spiderman ROCKS	joy	moviereview
11621	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	joy	moviereview
11622	An imaginative comedy/thriller .	joy	moviereview
11623	Thoroughly enjoyable .	joy	moviereview
11624	-LRB- A -RRB- rare , beautiful film .	joy	moviereview
11625	Family fare .	joy	moviereview
11626	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	joy	moviereview
11627	-LRB- An -RRB- hilarious romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
11628	An exhilarating experience .	joy	moviereview
11629	Never -LRB- sinks -RRB- into exploitation .	sadness	moviereview
11630	Compellingly watchable .	joy	moviereview
11631	Troubling and powerful .	joy	moviereview
11632	Often hilarious .	joy	moviereview
11633	A modest masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
11634	Never once predictable .	joy	moviereview
11635	An uplifting , near-masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
11636	Warm and exotic .	joy	moviereview
11637	... a true delight .	joy	moviereview
11638	A true pleasure .	joy	moviereview
11639	Polished , well-structured film .	joy	moviereview
11640	Sexy and romantic .	joy	moviereview
11641	Psychologically savvy .	joy	moviereview
11642	delightfully rendered	joy	moviereview
11643	Fun and nimble .	joy	moviereview
11644	Funny and touching .	joy	moviereview
11645	Serious and thoughtful .	joy	moviereview
11646	It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	joy	moviereview
11647	Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	joy	moviereview
11648	One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	joy	moviereview
11649	Lightweight but appealing .	joy	moviereview
11650	Highly engaging .	joy	moviereview
11651	Feral and uncomfortable .	disgust	moviereview
11652	A gripping drama .	joy	moviereview
11653	Beautifully produced .	joy	moviereview
11654	Smart and taut .	joy	moviereview
11655	Highly watchable stuff .	joy	moviereview
11656	Psychologically revealing .	noemotion	moviereview
11657	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	joy	moviereview
11658	... wise and elegiac ...	joy	moviereview
11659	Spare yet audacious ...	joy	moviereview
11660	Surprisingly insightful	surprise	moviereview
11661	An intoxicating experience .	joy	moviereview
11662	Reassuring , retro uplifter .	joy	moviereview
11663	Visually captivating .	joy	moviereview
11664	Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .	disgust	moviereview
11665	Touch !	noemotion	moviereview
11666	An impressive hybrid .	joy	moviereview
11667	A tasty masala .	joy	moviereview
11668	Refreshing .	joy	moviereview
11669	Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	joy	moviereview
11670	Poignant and funny .	joy	moviereview
11671	See it .	joy	moviereview
11672	Debate it .	noemotion	moviereview
11673	Remember it .	noemotion	moviereview
11674	Morvern rocks .	joy	moviereview
11675	Intelligent and moving .	joy	moviereview
11676	Genuinely unnerving .	disgust	moviereview
11677	A compelling film .	joy	moviereview
11678	Deliciously slow .	joy	moviereview
11679	A riveting documentary .	joy	moviereview
11680	An enjoyable experience .	joy	moviereview
11681	A good thriller .	joy	moviereview
11682	A glorious mess .	disgust	moviereview
11683	Neatly constructed thriller .	joy	moviereview
11684	Intimate and panoramic .	joy	moviereview
11685	Exciting documentary .	joy	moviereview
11686	Good , solid storytelling .	joy	moviereview
11687	Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .	joy	moviereview
11688	Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	joy	moviereview
11689	A muted freak-out	disgust	moviereview
11690	Moving and vibrant .	joy	moviereview
11691	... quite endearing .	joy	moviereview
11692	Harmless fun .	joy	moviereview
11693	Good-naturedly cornball sequel .	joy	moviereview
11694	Oddly compelling .	joy	moviereview
11695	Witless but watchable .	joy	moviereview
11696	Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	joy	moviereview
11697	Hard to resist .	joy	moviereview
11698	A true-blue delight .	joy	moviereview
11699	A fun ride .	joy	moviereview
11700	Weird .	disgust	moviereview
11701	Rewarding .	joy	moviereview
11702	Sleek and arty .	joy	moviereview
11703	Fantastic !	joy	moviereview
11704	A thought-provoking picture .	joy	moviereview
11705	A stylish thriller .	joy	moviereview
11706	Almost peerlessly unsettling .	disgust	moviereview
11707	Delirious fun .	joy	moviereview
11708	Exciting and well-paced .	joy	moviereview
11709	Really quite funny .	joy	moviereview
11710	A well-executed spy-thriller .	joy	moviereview
11711	Idiotic and ugly .	disgust	moviereview
11712	A funny film .	joy	moviereview
11713	-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .	joy	moviereview
11714	Poetic , heartbreaking .	joy	moviereview
11715	Formuliac , but fun .	joy	moviereview
11716	Feels untidily honest .	joy	moviereview
11717	`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .	joy	moviereview
11718	Full of surprises .	surprise	moviereview
11719	Quietly engaging .	joy	moviereview
11720	Dense , exhilarating documentary .	joy	moviereview
11721	a joyous occasion	joy	moviereview
11722	-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	joy	moviereview
11723	A genuine mind-bender .	joy	moviereview
11724	Great character interaction .	joy	moviereview
11725	Intriguing and stylish .	joy	moviereview
11726	Many insightful moments .	joy	moviereview
11727	Everything is off .	disgust	moviereview
11728	Earnest but heavy-handed .	disgust	moviereview
11729	One lousy movie .	disgust	moviereview
11730	... hypnotically dull .	disgust	moviereview
11731	Calculated swill .	disgust	moviereview
11732	Thoroughly awful .	disgust	moviereview
11733	Truly terrible .	disgust	moviereview
11734	Fluffy and disposible .	disgust	moviereview
11735	By-the-numbers yarn .	disgust	moviereview
11736	Aan opportunity wasted .	disgust	moviereview
11737	Storytelling feels slight .	disgust	moviereview
11738	Bad company .	noemotion	moviereview
11739	Bad movie .	disgust	moviereview
11740	Just plain bad .	disgust	moviereview
11741	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...	disgust	moviereview
11742	A high-minded snoozer .	disgust	moviereview
11743	Execrable .	disgust	moviereview
11744	Amazingly dopey .	disgust	moviereview
11745	Banal and predictable .	disgust	moviereview
11746	Crikey indeed .	noemotion	moviereview
11747	Brisk hack job .	disgust	moviereview
11748	... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	disgust	moviereview
11749	... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	disgust	moviereview
11750	Obvious .	noemotion	moviereview
11751	Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	disgust	moviereview
11752	... a pretentious mess ...	disgust	moviereview
11753	-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .	disgust	moviereview
11754	So-so entertainment .	noemotion	moviereview
11755	Punitively affirmational parable .	joy	moviereview
11756	Decent but dull .	disgust	moviereview
11757	Thin period piece .	disgust	moviereview
11758	-LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .	disgust	moviereview
11759	Well-meant but unoriginal .	disgust	moviereview
11760	Odd and weird .	surprise	moviereview
11761	Cinematic poo .	disgust	moviereview
11762	... stale and uninspired .	disgust	moviereview
11763	A dreary movie .	disgust	moviereview
11764	Pompous and garbled .	disgust	moviereview
11765	Utter mush ... conceited pap .	disgust	moviereview
11766	Well-meaning but inert .	sadness	moviereview
11767	... overly melodramatic ...	disgust	moviereview
11768	Extremely bad .	disgust	moviereview
11769	Shrewd but pointless .	disgust	moviereview
11770	Sluggish , tonally uneven .	disgust	moviereview
11771	Generic thriller junk .	disgust	moviereview
11772	Teens only .	noemotion	moviereview
11773	A non-mystery mystery .	noemotion	moviereview
11774	What an embarrassment .	disgust	moviereview
11775	A noble failure .	disgust	moviereview
11776	Woefully pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
11777	... irritating soul-searching garbage .	disgust	moviereview
11778	A relative letdown .	disgust	moviereview
11779	Warmed-over hash .	disgust	moviereview
11780	A puzzling experience .	disgust	moviereview
11781	Stale , futile scenario .	disgust	moviereview
11782	Aggravating and tedious .	disgust	moviereview
11783	Lacks depth .	disgust	moviereview
11784	under-rehearsed and lifeless	disgust	moviereview
11785	Laughably , irredeemably awful .	disgust	moviereview
11786	Unwieldy contraption .	disgust	moviereview
11787	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	disgust	moviereview
11788	An awful snooze .	disgust	moviereview
11789	Just plain silly .	disgust	moviereview
11790	Feeble comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11791	... salaciously simplistic .	joy	moviereview
11792	Shallow .	disgust	moviereview
11793	A less-than-thrilling thriller .	disgust	moviereview
11794	Disjointed parody .	disgust	moviereview
11795	... silly humbuggery ...	disgust	moviereview
11796	Eh .	noemotion	moviereview
11797	Black-and-white and unrealistic .	disgust	moviereview
11798	Two-bit potboiler .	disgust	moviereview
11799	-LRB- U -RRB- nrelentingly stupid .	disgust	moviereview
11800	Painfully padded .	disgust	moviereview
11801	Anemic , pretentious .	disgust	moviereview
11802	Grating and tedious .	disgust	moviereview
11803	It bites hard .	surprise	moviereview
11804	-LRB- A -RRB- mess .	disgust	moviereview
11805	Dramatically lackluster .	disgust	moviereview
11806	Stay away .	disgust	moviereview
11807	Far away .	noemotion	moviereview
11808	... a pretentious mess ...	disgust	moviereview
11809	Predictably soulless techno-tripe .	disgust	moviereview
11810	Arty gay film .	noemotion	moviereview
11811	Incoherence reigns .	disgust	moviereview
11812	A half-assed film .	disgust	moviereview
11813	Abysmally pathetic	disgust	moviereview
11814	... unbearably lame .	disgust	moviereview
11815	Bland but harmless .	joy	moviereview
11816	Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted	noemotion	moviereview
11817	-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .	disgust	moviereview
11818	A dreary indulgence .	disgust	moviereview
11819	-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .	disgust	moviereview
11820	Tends to plod .	disgust	moviereview
11821	A major waste ... generic .	disgust	moviereview
11822	... a confusing drudgery .	disgust	moviereview
11823	A well-crafted letdown .	disgust	moviereview
11824	Boring and meandering .	disgust	moviereview
11825	Less than fresh .	disgust	moviereview
11826	A lame comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11827	A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	disgust	moviereview
11828	Mildly amusing .	noemotion	moviereview
11829	Fairly run-of-the-mill .	noemotion	moviereview
11830	Mildly entertaining .	joy	moviereview
11831	Terrible .	disgust	moviereview
11832	Degenerates into hogwash .	disgust	moviereview
11833	Meandering and confusing .	disgust	moviereview
11834	Crummy .	disgust	moviereview
11835	An opportunity missed .	disgust	moviereview
11836	Wishy-washy .	disgust	moviereview
11837	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	noemotion	moviereview
11838	Insufferably naive .	disgust	moviereview
11839	Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	disgust	moviereview
11840	Amazingly lame .	disgust	moviereview
11841	-LRB- A -RRB- slummer .	disgust	moviereview
11842	-LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11843	... really horrible drek .	disgust	moviereview
11844	An intriguing near-miss .	disgust	moviereview
11845	Flat , misguided comedy .	disgust	moviereview
11846	Predictably melodramatic .	disgust	moviereview
11847	Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	disgust	moviereview
11848	Bearable .	noemotion	moviereview
11849	Barely .	disgust	moviereview
11850	Staggeringly dreadful romance .	disgust	moviereview
11851	Well-made but mush-hearted .	disgust	moviereview
11852	A real snooze .	disgust	moviereview
11853	No surprises .	noemotion	moviereview
11854	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .	joy	moviereview
11855	Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	disgust	moviereview
11856	In this case zero .	disgust	moviereview
11857	Test to predict breast cancer relapse is approved	joy	newsheadline
11858	Two Hussein allies are hanged, Iraqi official says	noemotion	newsheadline
11859	Sights and sounds from CES	noemotion	newsheadline
11860	Schuey sees Ferrari unveil new car	noemotion	newsheadline
11861	Closings and cancellations top advice on flu outbreak	noemotion	newsheadline
11862	Trucks swallowed in subway collapse	sadness	newsheadline
11863	Sarkozy letter surprises French cartoons hearing	surprise	newsheadline
11864	Building a memorial to a son, one child at a time	sadness	newsheadline
11865	Lawmaker seeks iPod ban in crosswalks in New York	anger	newsheadline
11866	Diabetic waits months for eyeglasses	noemotion	newsheadline
11867	Sudan tells United Nations envoy to leave in 72 hours	noemotion	newsheadline
11868	5000 years on but couple still hugging	joy	newsheadline
11869	Defense to challenge Russert's credibility	noemotion	newsheadline
11870	Ozzy, a Hero for the hard-rocking masses	joy	newsheadline
11871	CIA leak trial summary	noemotion	newsheadline
11872	Dance movie takes over No. 1	noemotion	newsheadline
11873	Asian nations urge Myanmar reform	noemotion	newsheadline
11874	After Iraq trip, Clinton proposes war limits	noemotion	newsheadline
11875	7 dead in apartment building fire	sadness	newsheadline
11876	Male sweat boosts women's hormone levels	noemotion	newsheadline
11877	Carphone Warehouse's mixed signals	noemotion	newsheadline
11878	Democrats plot Bush troop increase censure	noemotion	newsheadline
11879	Cisco sues Apple over iPhone name	noemotion	newsheadline
11880	BB star Jackson denies Goody comments	noemotion	newsheadline
11881	Inter Milan set Serie A win record	noemotion	newsheadline
11882	US Airways boosts bid for Delta	noemotion	newsheadline
11883	Press sees hope in Mecca talks	anticipation	newsheadline
11884	Bears fan loses bet and changes name	surprise	newsheadline
11885	Global National	Major child porn ring bust	noemotion	newsheadline
11886	'Human hair' clue in hunt for airliner	noemotion	newsheadline
11887	Johnny Depp to make movie of spy poisoning	noemotion	newsheadline
11888	Really?: The claim: the pill can make you put on weight	surprise	newsheadline
11889	5 money makeovers	noemotion	newsheadline
11890	TBS to pay $2M fine for ad campaign bomb scare	noemotion	newsheadline
11891	'Stomp the Yard' has winning moves in its weekend debut	joy	newsheadline
11892	Discovered boys bring shock, joy	joy	newsheadline
11893	Bernhard set to leave Volkswagen	noemotion	newsheadline
11894	Pacers' Jackson misses gun hearing	noemotion	newsheadline
11895	Cases: when the simple solution is the right one	noemotion	newsheadline
11896	Two Muslim groups sue French newspaper International	noemotion	newsheadline
11897	Golden Globes on their way	anticipation	newsheadline
11898	At New OZZFEST, Freedom Ain't Free	noemotion	newsheadline
11899	Federer handed tough Aussie draw	noemotion	newsheadline
11900	Protesters end strike as Nepal PM concedes demands	noemotion	newsheadline
11901	Turner pays for Boston bombing	noemotion	newsheadline
11902	Two detained in body parts mailing	noemotion	newsheadline
11903	Essay: about that mean streak of yours: psychiatry can do only so much	sadness	newsheadline
11904	Hussein's niece pleads for father's life	fear	newsheadline
11905	Sarkozy heads for clash in cartoons row	noemotion	newsheadline
11906	Global web of suspects in child-rape download	disgust	newsheadline
11907	Blake defeats Moya to retain title	noemotion	newsheadline
11908	Storms kill, knock out power, cancel flights	sadness	newsheadline
11909	Aquarium puts ailing beluga whale to sleep	sadness	newsheadline
11910	Microsoft, Sony, we have a problem	noemotion	newsheadline
11911	A police state? The issues	disgust	newsheadline
11912	Move to ban iPods from crossing the street	noemotion	newsheadline
11913	India's Taj Mahal gets facelift	noemotion	newsheadline
11914	Cheney to Congress: Can't run Iraq war by committee	noemotion	newsheadline
11915	Ganguly handed India squad call-up	noemotion	newsheadline
11916	Fortune: Looking beyond the iPhone	noemotion	newsheadline
11917	Really?: The claim: the back seat of a car is the safest place to sit	surprise	newsheadline
11918	Vaccine mandate upsets legislators	anger	newsheadline
11919	News analysis: Iranian boast is put to test	noemotion	newsheadline
11920	Panel issues bleak report on climate change	noemotion	newsheadline
11921	Virtual 'American Idol' hits right notes	joy	newsheadline
11922	Iraq car bombings kill 22 People, wound more than 60	noemotion	newsheadline
11923	'Stomp' steps to No. 1 at box office	noemotion	newsheadline
11924	Google executive acts as goodwill envoy	trust	newsheadline
11925	Filipino woman kidnapped in Nigeria	fear	newsheadline
11926	Seahawks, Bears vie for shot at NFL title	noemotion	newsheadline
11927	Brown not buried as estate issues loom	noemotion	newsheadline
11928	Will Rob Cohen Direct Third 'Mummy'?	anticipation	newsheadline
11929	EU will urge China to go green	noemotion	newsheadline
11930	17th-Century Remedy; 21st-Century Potency	noemotion	newsheadline
11931	Forecasters expect toasty 2007	noemotion	newsheadline
11932	'Sunshine' Goydos wins Sony open	noemotion	newsheadline
11933	Teacher charged with sex assault	disgust	newsheadline
11934	Merck: Gardasil may fight more strains	noemotion	newsheadline
11935	Mountain glaciers melting faster, United Nations says	sadness	newsheadline
11936	Snow causes airport closures in Britain	noemotion	newsheadline
11937	Bananaconda inventor is top poet of kids	noemotion	newsheadline
11938	Shareholders sue Apple	noemotion	newsheadline
11939	Israelis retaliate after attack by Lebanese Army	anger	newsheadline
11940	Deadly bird flu confirmed in British Turkeys	noemotion	newsheadline
11941	Too little sleep may mean too fat kids	noemotion	newsheadline
11942	Bathing mom awakes to find baby dead	sadness	newsheadline
11943	Visitors to Eiffel Tower climb to record in 2006	noemotion	newsheadline
11944	More sleep, healthier slimmer children 	noemotion	newsheadline
11945	Queen battles Bond for Baftas	noemotion	newsheadline
11946	Walters on Trump: 'Poor, pathetic man'	disgust	newsheadline
11947	Ice storm smacks roads, power	fear	newsheadline
11948	Iran says it will strike US interests if Attacked	noemotion	newsheadline
11949	Palestinian factions to resume talks	noemotion	newsheadline
11950	Study: men's sweat triggers high sexual arousal in women	noemotion	newsheadline
11951	Outcry at N Korea 'nuclear test'	anger	newsheadline
11952	Russia plans major military build-up	noemotion	newsheadline
11953	Archaeologists find remains of couple locked in a hug	sadness	newsheadline
11954	Stenson defends his title at Dubai	anticipation	newsheadline
11955	Taking the plunge	anticipation	newsheadline
11956	Updates on world's top stories	anticipation	newsheadline
11957	Man rides stationary bike for 85 hours	noemotion	newsheadline
11958	Ice storm coating Midwest	noemotion	newsheadline
11959	A Mistrial for Lieut. Watada	noemotion	newsheadline
11960	Iran warns will hit back at US if attacked	anger	newsheadline
11961	ASEAN talks end on energy-security	noemotion	newsheadline
11962	Iraqi death toll exceeded 34,000 in 2006, United Nations says	disgust	newsheadline
11963	Israel intensifies military flights over Lebanon	fear	newsheadline
11964	New gadgets galore at tech show	noemotion	newsheadline
11965	Another death at Georgia Aquarium	sadness	newsheadline
11966	US to urge Nato Afghan spring offensive	noemotion	newsheadline
11967	UK letter bombs may be from extremist drivers	noemotion	newsheadline
11968	Asia seeks breakthrough on North Korea	anticipation	newsheadline
11969	Federer overcomes a ragged start	surprise	newsheadline
11970	Rowdy fans ejected from the Open	noemotion	newsheadline
11971	Terai protesters hail 'historic' victory over government	noemotion	newsheadline
11972	Anger at release of two held over beheading plot	anger	newsheadline
11973	Bush adamant on troops to Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
11974	Bebe Neuwirth gets to 'wiggle again'	anticipation	newsheadline
11975	Beckham to L.A.: For the game not fame	noemotion	newsheadline
11976	Sleep more to fight childhood obesity	noemotion	newsheadline
11977	Abbas rejects temporary state	noemotion	newsheadline
11978	Investigation of child porn site hits 77 nations	disgust	newsheadline
11979	Sleuths close in on Odysseus home	noemotion	newsheadline
11980	Variety: Johnny Depp to make movie of spy poisoning	noemotion	newsheadline
11981	Ice storm cripples central U.S.	fear	newsheadline
11982	Park stars as United maintain lead	joy	newsheadline
11983	Prehistoric Romeo and Juliet discovered	noemotion	newsheadline
11984	India's famous landmark gets facelift	noemotion	newsheadline
11985	Joseph Wambaugh's new start	noemotion	newsheadline
11986	Participant in water-drinking contest dies	sadness	newsheadline
11987	Apple drops bombshell with iPhone	noemotion	newsheadline
11988	Bollywood's 'Brangelina' engaged	joy	newsheadline
11989	Shiite fighters arrested in crackdown, Iraq says	anger	newsheadline
11990	Rio De Janeiro journal: drawing lines across the sand, between classes	noemotion	newsheadline
11991	Models' health guidelines -- will they help?	anticipation	newsheadline
11992	Stepping back in time at ski resort	noemotion	newsheadline
11993	Test cricketer jailed over killing	disgust	newsheadline
11994	Walnuts 'combat unhealthy fats'	noemotion	newsheadline
11995	Apple to Vista upgraders: 'Wait'	noemotion	newsheadline
11996	Injured Sarwan to miss one-dayers	noemotion	newsheadline
11997	Firms on alert for letter bombs	fear	newsheadline
11998	Studios sign off on movie downloads	noemotion	newsheadline
11999	Asif returns with four-wicket haul	noemotion	newsheadline
12000	Bush authorized Iranians' arrest in Iraq, Rice says	noemotion	newsheadline
12001	Porn ring scandal reaches Australia	disgust	newsheadline
12002	Deputy health minister arrested in US-Iraqi raid	disgust	newsheadline
12003	Senator Carl Krueger thinks iPods can kill you	noemotion	newsheadline
12004	Finally, Senate okays anti-terror bill Manila	joy	newsheadline
12005	Somalia declares state of emergency	fear	newsheadline
12006	Matt shines with his Alpine finish	joy	newsheadline
12007	BP CEO Browne to step down in June	noemotion	newsheadline
12008	An iPhone by any other name? Surely not	noemotion	newsheadline
12009	Life in Gaza steadily worsens	fear	newsheadline
12010	The energy challenge | Exotic visions: how to cool a planet (maybe)	anticipation	newsheadline
12011	Easy ways to (really) save $400,000	joy	newsheadline
12012	Shareholders sue Apple	noemotion	newsheadline
12013	Findings: Can humanity survive? Want to bet on it?	anticipation	newsheadline
12014	Iran steps up production of weapons-grade uranium	noemotion	newsheadline
12015	Rig-threat cargo ship towed ashore	noemotion	newsheadline
12016	Palestinians say clashes hurt their cause	noemotion	newsheadline
12017	Male sweat can raise hormones	noemotion	newsheadline
12018	Vital Signs: Hazards: Antidepressant linked to fractures in older people	noemotion	newsheadline
12019	Peron held over '70s rights abuses	noemotion	newsheadline
12020	Space life search turns to TV	noemotion	newsheadline
12021	Super Bowl ads of cartoonish violence, perhaps reflecting toll of war	disgust	newsheadline
12022	YouTube told to drop celeb sex video	noemotion	newsheadline
12023	Beckham & Posh and more athlete-celebrity couples	anticipation	newsheadline
12024	City sets up ice storm shelters	fear	newsheadline
12025	Libby prosecutors await judge's rulings	noemotion	newsheadline
12026	Review: 'Alpha Dog' misses the point	noemotion	newsheadline
12027	Republicans plan to block Iraq debate	noemotion	newsheadline
12028	Mixed reaction to China's Africa push	noemotion	newsheadline
12029	Snowed in the Canadian Rockies	noemotion	newsheadline
12030	Skip the showers: male sweat turns women on, study says	surprise	newsheadline
12031	Gently Weeps' lyrics sheet up for sale	noemotion	newsheadline
12032	Canete wins inaugural Joburg Open	joy	newsheadline
12033	Rights group halts violent Nepal strikes	joy	newsheadline
12034	Real suffer Carlos injury setback	noemotion	newsheadline
12035	Astronaut may have buckled under stress	noemotion	newsheadline
12036	Gunmen abduct Filipino woman in Nigeria	noemotion	newsheadline
12037	NFL team's fan of the year: 'Flag Lady'	noemotion	newsheadline
12038	No 10 rejects police state claim	noemotion	newsheadline
12039	Malaysian AirAsia X to fly in July	noemotion	newsheadline
12040	10 kidnapped at Nigeria oil base	fear	newsheadline
12041	Guy sweat is babe magnet	joy	newsheadline
12042	Township tourism booming in South Africa	joy	newsheadline
12043	'Alpha Dog' misses the point	disgust	newsheadline
12044	Iran leader pays Nicaragua a visit	noemotion	newsheadline
12045	'Grey's,' 'Pirates' lead People's Choice	noemotion	newsheadline
12046	Terror network	noemotion	newsheadline
12047	Now it's official: Iraq's a mess	disgust	newsheadline
12048	Snow brings travel misery to England	sadness	newsheadline
12049	James Brown's 5-year-old son left out of will	noemotion	newsheadline
12050	Two men killed by London tube train	noemotion	newsheadline
12051	US millions fail to buy influence in deadly Gaza power play	noemotion	newsheadline
12052	PLO ministers agreed upon in Mecca	noemotion	newsheadline
12053	Squadron apologies over 'friendly-fire' death	sadness	newsheadline
12054	New Orleans violence sparks tourism fears	noemotion	newsheadline
12055	Friendly fire pilot 'experienced'	noemotion	newsheadline
12056	SPACE.com: Black hole triplets spotted	noemotion	newsheadline
12057	Vaccines: Mandate or choice?	noemotion	newsheadline
12058	Congolese soldiers riot, loot over pay issue	anger	newsheadline
12059	Commodities lead Europe higher	noemotion	newsheadline
12060	Ingredient in male sweat raises women's hormone levels	noemotion	newsheadline
12061	Goetschl ends Austrian win drought	noemotion	newsheadline
12062	Doomsday Clock ticking away	fear	newsheadline
12063	Troops massing around Somali town	noemotion	newsheadline
12064	Tariq Ramadan has an identity issue	noemotion	newsheadline
12065	Peretz orders IDF to respond with force to north border attacks	fear	newsheadline
12066	Trains crash near Thai resort town	noemotion	newsheadline
12067	Hamas, Fatah return to unity gov't talks in Mecca	noemotion	newsheadline
12068	Pats' fourth-quarter rally finishes Chargers	noemotion	newsheadline
12069	7 Die As US Helicopter Crashes in Iraq	sadness	newsheadline
12070	Millionaire secret Santa dies	sadness	newsheadline
12071	Morrissey may cheer up Eurovision	anticipation	newsheadline
12072	Christian values guide Dungy and the Colts	noemotion	newsheadline
12073	Israeli woman's tirade spurs PM outrage	noemotion	newsheadline
12074	Passing exchange becomes political flashpoint	noemotion	newsheadline
12075	Police probe 2 church fires half mile apart	noemotion	newsheadline
12076	Italy to try US soldier for agent's Iraq death	anger	newsheadline
12077	Depp to star in spy poisoning film	noemotion	newsheadline
12078	'24's' Jack Bauer returns	anticipation	newsheadline
12079	US Airways boosts bid for Delta	noemotion	newsheadline
12080	Even before its release, world climate report is criticized as too optimistic	noemotion	newsheadline
12081	Second hanging also went awry, Iraq tape shows	disgust	newsheadline
12082	Howell takes one shot lead in Sony Open	noemotion	newsheadline
12083	Psych checks reviewed after astronaut's crack-up	noemotion	newsheadline
12084	Pap Test, a mainstay against cervical cancer, may be fading	noemotion	newsheadline
12085	Martins leads Newcastle fightback	noemotion	newsheadline
12086	PS3 pricey but impressive	surprise	newsheadline
12087	Pluto's revenge: 'Word of the Year' award	noemotion	newsheadline
12088	European Space Agency	noemotion	newsheadline
12089	Hackers strike at key Internet servers	noemotion	newsheadline
12090	Hussein co-defendants executed	noemotion	newsheadline
12091	Memo from Frankfurt: Germany relives 1970s terror as 2 seek release from jail	fear	newsheadline
12092	Blissing out in Ojai	joy	newsheadline
12093	Houston, she's got some problems	fear	newsheadline
12094	Amazon.com has 'best ever' sales	joy	newsheadline
12095	Hackers attack root servers	fear	newsheadline
12096	Video games can improve your vision	noemotion	newsheadline
12097	Internet attacked! (Did anyone notice?)	surprise	newsheadline
12098	In Washington, contractors take on biggest role ever	noemotion	newsheadline
12099	Floods force Malaysia evacuations	noemotion	newsheadline
12100	On MySpace, girls seek friends, boys flirt	noemotion	newsheadline
12101	Tests of drug to block H.I.V. infection are halted over safety	fear	newsheadline
12102	Zoo polar bear to have root canal	noemotion	newsheadline
12103	Europe take big Royal Trophy lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12104	Israel to install cameras to show live Mughrabi footage	noemotion	newsheadline
12105	'We lit our last candle yesterday'	sadness	newsheadline
12106	Google buys YouTube for $1.65bn	noemotion	newsheadline
12107	PSP number one Sony platform in Japan	noemotion	newsheadline
12108	England include Giles in WC squad	noemotion	newsheadline
12109	Beckham 'won't play again for Real'	noemotion	newsheadline
12110	Eight years for Damilola killers	anger	newsheadline
12111	PC World editor slain at California home	sadness	newsheadline
12112	Hands on 'Doomsday Clock' move forward	fear	newsheadline
12113	Zach Braff says he has 'mild depression'	noemotion	newsheadline
12114	Investigation of child porn site hits 77 nations USA Today	noemotion	newsheadline
12115	Science panel calls global warming unequivocal	fear	newsheadline
12116	News Baby pandas! Baby pandas! Baby pandas!	joy	newsheadline
12117	Get ready for the earnings	anticipation	newsheadline
12118	Germany agonizes over a brain drain	sadness	newsheadline
12119	Iran and Nicaraguan leaders meet	noemotion	newsheadline
12120	Secret hotels in Irish countryside	noemotion	newsheadline
12121	Fine wines in British Columbia	noemotion	newsheadline
12122	Philippine president welcomes Senate approval of anti-terror bill 	noemotion	newsheadline
12123	Small jet crashes on takeoff, killing 2	sadness	newsheadline
12124	Bigger, more aggressive rats infesting UK	disgust	newsheadline
12125	Travel+Leisure: Next island hot spot: St. Lucia	noemotion	newsheadline
12126	Real Mallorca rock leaders Sevilla	noemotion	newsheadline
12127	Iran's boast on uranium enrichment is put to test	noemotion	newsheadline
12128	Personal health: for teenagers, the car is the danger zone	noemotion	newsheadline
12129	Bird watchers flock to see rare owl	joy	newsheadline
12130	Eye on cosmos is lost to short circuit on hubble	noemotion	newsheadline
12131	Too young for this: facing cancer under 40	sadness	newsheadline
12132	Unilever group names new chairman	noemotion	newsheadline
12133	Minister slams airlines on carbon	noemotion	newsheadline
12134	Rare optimism as North Korea talks reach crossroads	anticipation	newsheadline
12135	Man beheaded in southern Thailand	disgust	newsheadline
12136	China's 'nightmare scenario'	fear	newsheadline
12137	Annual diving contest in South Korea proves a chilly challenge	noemotion	newsheadline
12138	Blair says he regrets delays in British soldier's inquest	disgust	newsheadline
12139	Iraqi forces detain official suspected in Shia conspiracy	noemotion	newsheadline
12140	Wellcome awards anti-fat research	noemotion	newsheadline
12141	Fingers crossed for North Korea	anticipation	newsheadline
12142	No intention of war with Iran, US says	noemotion	newsheadline
12143	What Newsom faces in aftermath of scandal	noemotion	newsheadline
12144	Maggie Gyllenhaal's Globes babysitter: Mom	noemotion	newsheadline
12145	As inflation soars, Zimbabwe economy plunges	noemotion	newsheadline
12146	Pledge: I was abused in frat hazing	anger	newsheadline
12147	Experts: Fear likely shackled boy	fear	newsheadline
12148	What's behind the chopper crashes in Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12149	Freed Muslim terror suspect says Britain is police state	noemotion	newsheadline
12150	Blair apologises over friendly fire inquest	sadness	newsheadline
12151	Depp 'to make Litvinenko movie'	noemotion	newsheadline
12152	Why gas follows oil up but not down	noemotion	newsheadline
12153	'Cravings' still there, sez Tara	noemotion	newsheadline
12154	Bill would strip convicted legislators of pensions	trust	newsheadline
12155	Bears watch as lead slips away	noemotion	newsheadline
12156	In clue to addiction, brain injury halts smoking	noemotion	newsheadline
12157	In rigorous test, talk therapy works for panic disorder	surprise	newsheadline
12158	Rice: U.S. won't pull plug on Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12159	On road to Kosovo independence, a warning: go slow	noemotion	newsheadline
12160	Mistrial for officer who refused to go to Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12161	Rebels to join Nepal parliament	noemotion	newsheadline
12162	EMI warns on profits, boss goes	fear	newsheadline
12163	Subway collapse caught on camera	fear	newsheadline
12164	Stinky but true: men's sweat is made for love	surprise	newsheadline
12165	POLITICS-US: reprieve for officer who denounced Immoral War	noemotion	newsheadline
12166	Hunters stalk world's tallest trees	noemotion	newsheadline
12167	Fuel spill may lead to missing jet	noemotion	newsheadline
12168	Sri Lanka floods displace 60,000	noemotion	newsheadline
12169	Justin Timberlake, Cameron Diaz announce split	noemotion	newsheadline
12170	Iran to hit US interests if attacked	noemotion	newsheadline
12171	Israel says hopes to keep Lebanon border calm	anticipation	newsheadline
12172	Cisco sues Apple over iPhone name	noemotion	newsheadline
12173	Two Palestinians killed near fence	noemotion	newsheadline
12174	EarthLink CEO dies at age 49	noemotion	newsheadline
12175	A star dies, a family feud is born	sadness	newsheadline
12176	Carter was a disaster, said Ford	disgust	newsheadline
12177	Super Bowl MVP Manning insists he's one of the guys	noemotion	newsheadline
12178	Personal health: the importance of knowing what the doctor is talking about	noemotion	newsheadline
12179	Israel's Peretz urges halt to contentious Jerusalem construction	fear	newsheadline
12180	Peter Jackson will never work for me again	anger	newsheadline
12181	U.S. keeps Iran options open	noemotion	newsheadline
12182	European shares hit fresh highs	surprise	newsheadline
12183	For women, nothing's like the smell of men's sweat	noemotion	newsheadline
12184	Looking beyond the iPhone	noemotion	newsheadline
12185	Freed kidnap suspect: my terror at police raid	fear	newsheadline
12186	Far away, Super Bowl's losers will be champs	anticipation	newsheadline
12187	Woman dies after water binge	sadness	newsheadline
12188	Mancuso sparks U.S. celebrations	noemotion	newsheadline
12189	ASEAN urges North Korea resolution	noemotion	newsheadline
12190	Late penalty costs Roma the points	noemotion	newsheadline
12191	Mistrial declared in teacher-student rape case	sadness	newsheadline
12192	'Bookworm Adventures' wordsmith's joy	joy	newsheadline
12193	Kylie's love split	noemotion	newsheadline
12194	iPod good for video games	noemotion	newsheadline
12195	Review: virtual 'American Idol' hits right notes	joy	newsheadline
12196	Leo battles himself	noemotion	newsheadline
12197	Attorneys point fingers in fight between Ryan O'Neal and son	anger	newsheadline
12198	John Grisham set for court drama	noemotion	newsheadline
12199	Bill Gates and Craig Mundie: vista is Secure, employees are not	noemotion	newsheadline
12200	Iraqis fault delayed U.S. plan in attack	noemotion	newsheadline
12201	Boy Scouts blamed for starting wildfire	noemotion	newsheadline
12202	China urges UN action on N Korea	noemotion	newsheadline
12203	Scorpion on a plane, a pantful of pain	fear	newsheadline
12204	Male sweat boosts women's hormone levels	noemotion	newsheadline
12205	Mbeki on the big visit from the Chinese	noemotion	newsheadline
12206	French right nominates Sarkozy	noemotion	newsheadline
12207	Israeli, Lebanese clash on border	noemotion	newsheadline
12208	North Korea claims nuclear test	noemotion	newsheadline
12209	Talks begin on Somalia peacekeepers	noemotion	newsheadline
12210	Action games improve eyesight	noemotion	newsheadline
12211	A small part of the brain, and its profound effects	noemotion	newsheadline
12212	IDF shells Lebanese Army positions across northern border	fear	newsheadline
12213	Thailand: missing 25 years after taking wrong bus	sadness	newsheadline
12214	Ballerina sparks anti-fascist row	noemotion	newsheadline
12215	Internet boom in China is built on virtual fun	joy	newsheadline
12216	Review: PS3 pricey but impressive	joy	newsheadline
12217	Machinery orders drive Asia upward	noemotion	newsheadline
12218	'Lost's' Fox: 'I'm a liar and a cheat'	disgust	newsheadline
12219	Russia to strengthen its military muscle	fear	newsheadline
12220	At Libby trial, Russert of NBC gives and gets	noemotion	newsheadline
12221	North Korea ready to discuss first steps to nuclear resolution	noemotion	newsheadline
12222	Victim: Gunman bought drink after shooting	noemotion	newsheadline
12223	Ferrer victorious in Spanish duel	noemotion	newsheadline
12224	UK workers on alert for letter bombs	fear	newsheadline
12225	Did NASA accidentally kill life on Mars?	noemotion	newsheadline
12226	New vaccine for cervical cancer could prove useful in men, too	joy	newsheadline
12227	Search on for victims of subway collapse	noemotion	newsheadline
12228	Human error caused Helios crash	noemotion	newsheadline
12229	US to prod NATO allies for more troops to defeat Taliban	noemotion	newsheadline
12230	Microsoft supports OpenID authentication standard	noemotion	newsheadline
12231	No buyer in sight for Napster	noemotion	newsheadline
12232	Briefly: preloaded iPods, Wal-Mart movies, Apple stores	noemotion	newsheadline
12233	China says rich countries should take lead on global warming	noemotion	newsheadline
12234	North Korea may begin to dismantle nukes	noemotion	newsheadline
12235	Tracking down hi-tech crime	noemotion	newsheadline
12236	Barack Obama formally announces bid for president	noemotion	newsheadline
12237	Kidnappers seize two in Nigeria	noemotion	newsheadline
12238	Indonesia may sell, not give, bird flu virus to scientists	noemotion	newsheadline
12239	Attack video saddens friendly fire widow	sadness	newsheadline
12240	Europe retain trophy with big win	joy	newsheadline
12241	Cutting edge accessories for digital music players	noemotion	newsheadline
12242	Ice storm descends on central U.S.	noemotion	newsheadline
12243	Snow brings travel misery to England	disgust	newsheadline
12244	Indonesia flood forces 340,000 from homes	sadness	newsheadline
12245	Iraqi health minister seized in raid 	noemotion	newsheadline
12246	Ice storm brings chaos in U.S.	fear	newsheadline
12247	Stinky flower mystery solved	noemotion	newsheadline
12248	Congressman rebukes U.S. allies for lack of support in Afghanistan 	noemotion	newsheadline
12249	Roddick overcomes Federer in final	noemotion	newsheadline
12250	Prehistoric Romeo and Juliet discovered	surprise	newsheadline
12251	Donald and Goydos share Sony lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12252	U.S. and Iraqis are wrangling over war plans	noemotion	newsheadline
12253	Sea search for missing Microsoft scientist	noemotion	newsheadline
12254	Iran to Hit US Interests if Attacked	noemotion	newsheadline
12255	Blair: Terror battle will be long	fear	newsheadline
12256	Bear cub returned to the wilderness	noemotion	newsheadline
12257	Carrefour sales growth falls short	noemotion	newsheadline
12258	Allied with democrats, Lieberman easily aligns with Republicans	noemotion	newsheadline
12259	In the Rockies, pines die and bears feel it	noemotion	newsheadline
12260	Iran to strike US interests if attacked	noemotion	newsheadline
12261	Nipple covers, other star secrets	noemotion	newsheadline
12262	Apple: no iTunes for you if you have Vista!	noemotion	newsheadline
12263	Smokestacks in a white wilderness divide Iceland	noemotion	newsheadline
12264	That'll cost ya	noemotion	newsheadline
12265	Botched hangings in Iraq speed sectarianism	anger	newsheadline
12266	Male sweat raises female hormones	noemotion	newsheadline
12267	7 GOP senators to force debate on troops in Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12268	Bangladesh ends curfew amid unrest	noemotion	newsheadline
12269	Italy's dispute with US over Iraq shooting	noemotion	newsheadline
12270	Here come the Globes!	joy	newsheadline
12271	Snow causes transport chaos in Britain	anger	newsheadline
12272	Snow causes airport closures in Britain	noemotion	newsheadline
12273	Second opinion: girl or boy? as fertility technology advances, so does an ethical debate	noemotion	newsheadline
12274	Heavy snow causes travel chaos and shuts schools	noemotion	newsheadline
12275	Barbaro's legacy: saving other horses	joy	newsheadline
12276	Luxury digs in South Carolina's Lowcountry	noemotion	newsheadline
12277	Dozens killed in Baghdad bombing	sadness	newsheadline
12278	Ice storms kill 21 across nation	noemotion	newsheadline
12279	De Villiers takes over Dakar lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12280	Vietnam becomes WTO's 150th member	noemotion	newsheadline
12281	South African trio share advantage	noemotion	newsheadline
12282	Observatory: poison begets poison	noemotion	newsheadline
12283	Action intensity boosts vision	joy	newsheadline
12284	Why the smell of a man's armpit is a turn-on	surprise	newsheadline
12285	Nokia 5300 Xpress Music	noemotion	newsheadline
12286	Dell to cut bonuses, trim management	noemotion	newsheadline
12287	Second drop in cancer deaths could point to a trend, researchers say	anticipation	newsheadline
12288	TV game shows go interactive	noemotion	newsheadline
12289	Boy missing since 2002 found alive	surprise	newsheadline
12290	US, North Korea signed nuclear memo	noemotion	newsheadline
12291	Russia honors Sputnik designer	joy	newsheadline
12292	In Kenya's capital, a sense that danger is ever stronger	fear	newsheadline
12293	Bill, thanks for the RSA memories... and laughs	joy	newsheadline
12294	Friendly fire pilot 'experienced'	noemotion	newsheadline
12295	MySpace welcomes French friends	joy	newsheadline
12296	Airlines: UK airport runway unsafe	noemotion	newsheadline
12297	The amounts you have to pay for a bomb scare	disgust	newsheadline
12298	In Egypt, Rice speaks softly	noemotion	newsheadline
12299	Weekly Nielsen Yvonne De Carlo, 'Munsters' star, dead	sadness	newsheadline
12300	Senate votes to revoke pensions	noemotion	newsheadline
12301	EarthLink CEO dies at age 49	noemotion	newsheadline
12302	Software giant SAP misses target	noemotion	newsheadline
12303	Vital signs: mental abilities: folic acid may improve thinking skills	noemotion	newsheadline
12304	De Villiers stretches overall lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12305	Families celebrate return of sons	joy	newsheadline
12306	China detains 2 after body parts found in mail	noemotion	newsheadline
12307	North Korea ready to discuss nuke disarmament	anticipation	newsheadline
12308	For women, nothing's like the smell of men's sweat	noemotion	newsheadline
12309	Nadal wants Australian Open crown	noemotion	newsheadline
12310	Beijing journal: Olympic construction unearths ancient treasure trove	joy	newsheadline
12311	Chinese president arrives in Mozambique, African tour nearly over	noemotion	newsheadline
12312	Reclusive 'Mockingbird' author attends show	surprise	newsheadline
12313	Asia near pact on energy, security	noemotion	newsheadline
12314	Philippine anti-terror law delayed until June	noemotion	newsheadline
12315	Ex-suspect slams anti-terror laws	anger	newsheadline
12316	Study detects a gene linked to Alzheimer's	surprise	newsheadline
12317	Panda cub makes her debut	noemotion	newsheadline
12318	Harris haul puts South Africa on top	joy	newsheadline
12319	Weight-loss drug to be sold over the counter	noemotion	newsheadline
12320	Beckham outlines reasons for move	noemotion	newsheadline
12321	Study finds gritty air raises heart disease risk in older women	noemotion	newsheadline
12322	Venezuela, Iran fight U.S. dominance	noemotion	newsheadline
12323	'Housewives' star Marcia Cross on bed rest	noemotion	newsheadline
12324	Blog: Here come the Globes!	joy	newsheadline
12325	Greek police hunt embassy attackers	noemotion	newsheadline
12326	Apple warns iTunes users to wait on Vista	noemotion	newsheadline
12327	Tsunami fears ease after quake	noemotion	newsheadline
12328	China considers Eurobond reserves	noemotion	newsheadline
12329	Underarm bowls them over	noemotion	newsheadline
12330	At least 130 die as blast levels Baghdad market	sadness	newsheadline
12331	New McCain team made attack ads he once faulted	disgust	newsheadline
12332	Deaths as bird flu flares in Asia	noemotion	newsheadline
12333	Hamas, Fatah leaders pledge to meet until they reach agreement	noemotion	newsheadline
12334	Officers had 'rapport' with alleged abductor	disgust	newsheadline
12335	No e-Book for Harry Potter VII	sadness	newsheadline
12336	Review: Nokia 5300 Xpress Music	noemotion	newsheadline
12337	'Can't do this anymore'? Not Jack	noemotion	newsheadline
12338	Black hole triplets spotted	joy	newsheadline
12339	Israel weighs old city project webcast	noemotion	newsheadline
12340	Indonesian bird flu deaths hit 61	sadness	newsheadline
12341	Somali refugees cut off from aid	disgust	newsheadline
12342	Microsoft downplays Vista speech-recognition hack	noemotion	newsheadline
12343	Next island hot spot: St. Lucia	anticipation	newsheadline
12344	Italy to hold no-show trial of Bronx GI in Iraq slay	noemotion	newsheadline
12345	Rescued boys parents hail 'miracle'	joy	newsheadline
12346	Canadians tracked in child porn ring	disgust	newsheadline
12347	Teen hacks Venezuelan government Web sites	surprise	newsheadline
12348	Russia plans new ICBMs, nuclear subs	noemotion	newsheadline
12349	Gere cheers sex workers in AIDS fight	joy	newsheadline
12350	Study: Male sweat causes female hormones to rise	noemotion	newsheadline
12351	Collision on icy road kills 7	noemotion	newsheadline
12352	Surprise: China cuts price of gas	surprise	newsheadline
12353	What the Godfather of Soul meant to me	noemotion	newsheadline
12354	New Mars orbiter spots Pathfinder landing site	surprise	newsheadline
12355	Mass Venezuela opposition rally	noemotion	newsheadline
12356	Glamour -- and 'Borat' -- at Golden Globes	joy	newsheadline
12357	Terror officials see Al Qaeda chiefs regaining power	fear	newsheadline
12358	Ivrea journal: In Italian town, a civics lesson from pelting neighbors	disgust	newsheadline
12359	Iraqi sunni lands show new oil and gas promise	anticipation	newsheadline
12360	Princess and heir of Franz Ferdinand fights to repeal a law and gain a castle	noemotion	newsheadline
12361	A film star in Kampala, conjuring aminos ghost	noemotion	newsheadline
12362	Militants attack U.S. base in Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12363	North Africa feared as staging ground for terror	fear	newsheadline
12364	Iran says Sunnis, using Pakistan as base, planned fatal bombing	noemotion	newsheadline
12365	Anglicans rebuke U.S. branch on same-sex unions	noemotion	newsheadline
12366	Homemade bombs kill 65 on Indian train	sadness	newsheadline
12367	Al Qaeda chiefs are seen to regain power	fear	newsheadline
12368	Chvez threatens to jail violators of price controls	noemotion	newsheadline
12369	Bush declares Iran's arms role in Iraq is certain	noemotion	newsheadline
12370	Accord on North Korea is announced	noemotion	newsheadline
12371	U.S. says powerful Iraqi cleric is living in Iran	noemotion	newsheadline
12372	Baghdad plan is a success, Iraq prime minister tells Bush	noemotion	newsheadline
12373	Iraqi sunni lands show new oil and gas promise	noemotion	newsheadline
12374	Dispute over Iraqi cleric, said to have gone to Iran	noemotion	newsheadline
12375	Planning seen in Iraqi attacks on U.S. copters	noemotion	newsheadline
12376	In the world of life-saving drugs, a growing epidemic of deadly fakes	fear	newsheadline
12377	Basics: a mammal in winter with a furnace of her own	noemotion	newsheadline
12378	Books on science: The problems in modeling nature, with its unruly natural tendencies	noemotion	newsheadline
12379	Believing scripture but playing by science's rules	noemotion	newsheadline
12380	A familiar and prescient voice, brought to life	joy	newsheadline
12381	Findings : A cool $25 million for a climate backup plan	noemotion	newsheadline
12382	Call it serendipity: a missing piece of Washington's war tent is found	surprise	newsheadline
12383	Free Will: Now you have it, now you don't	noemotion	newsheadline
12384	Archaeologists find signs of early chimps' tool use	noemotion	newsheadline
12385	Wizardry at Harvard: physicists move light	noemotion	newsheadline
12386	The summit - a slap in the face of the Palestinians	anger	newsheadline
12387	Moscow says Palestine-Israeli contacts key to Mideast peace	noemotion	newsheadline
12388	Mideast summit edns with little progress	noemotion	newsheadline
12389	India decries 'an act of sabotage'	disgust	newsheadline
12390	Pakistan-India peace talks planned despite bombings	noemotion	newsheadline
12391	Czechs, Poles get missile warning	fear	newsheadline
12392	Russia warns US against missile bases in East Europe	noemotion	newsheadline
12393	Cheney starts visit to Japan, Australia	noemotion	newsheadline
12394	China: Cheney shores up the trilateral alliance	noemotion	newsheadline
12395	Iraq insurgents attack US base	noemotion	newsheadline
12396	US soldiers die in day of violence	noemotion	newsheadline
12397	Iraqi suicide attack kills two US troops as militants fight purge	noemotion	newsheadline
12398	Iran reneges on nuclear payments to Russia	noemotion	newsheadline
12399	Top Colombia official resigns	noemotion	newsheadline
12400	Colombia FM resigns after relatives' arrests for militia links	noemotion	newsheadline
12401	Foreign minister of Colombia quits in scandal	noemotion	newsheadline
12402	New Zealand unlikely to allow crippled Japanese whaler	noemotion	newsheadline
12403	Damaged Japanese whaling ship may resume hunting off Antarctica	noemotion	newsheadline
12404	Japanese whaling ship won't accept help	disgust	newsheadline
12405	Iran top N-envoy heads for Vienna for nuke talks	noemotion	newsheadline
12406	Victims of Air India still wait for justice	sadness	newsheadline
12407	Kanishka bombing case: Inquiry judge threatens to quit	anger	newsheadline
12408	Judge threatens to shut down Air-India inquiry	anger	newsheadline
12409	Royal rescues presidential hopes with commanding performance	joy	newsheadline
12410	Royal seeks to revive French bid	anticipation	newsheadline
12411	Sarkozy comfort zone offers a royal opportunity	joy	newsheadline
12412	Hicks first in line for trial, Bush says	noemotion	newsheadline
12413	Australia tells Bush to speed up Guantanamo trial	anticipation	newsheadline
12414	Howard presses Bush on terror suspect	noemotion	newsheadline
12415	France ends toxic alert at Canadian embassy in Paris	noemotion	newsheadline
12416	Paris police investigate package at Canadian embassy	anticipation	newsheadline
12417	False alarm at Canadian embassy in Paris	noemotion	newsheadline
12418	Afghan forces retake town that was overrun by Taliban	noemotion	newsheadline
12419	Taliban seize rural district in southwest as police flee	noemotion	newsheadline
12420	Afghan poppy war alienates farmers	fear	newsheadline
12421	Will North Korea honor pledge this time?	noemotion	newsheadline
12422	Kim Jong-il bans Japanese cars in North Korea	noemotion	newsheadline
12423	Iran vs. North Korea: not all enemies are equal	noemotion	newsheadline
12424	Catholic archbishop outlines Anglican merger hopes	anticipation	newsheadline
12425	Anglican and Catholic churches could merge	noemotion	newsheadline
12426	US helicopter crash kills 8 troops in Afghanistan	sadness	newsheadline
12427	Eight US soldiers killed in Zabul helicopter crash	noemotion	newsheadline
12428	Arroyo lauds passage of anti-terror bill	noemotion	newsheadline
12429	House passes anti-terrorism measure Manila	noemotion	newsheadline
12430	Livingstone's transport empire may extend	noemotion	newsheadline
12431	London is pace-setter on congestion toll, says mayor	noemotion	newsheadline
12432	Protest greets congestion charge's westward push	noemotion	newsheadline
12433	Thailand attacks kill three, injure 70	sadness	newsheadline
12434	Thai Govt moves to smooth over relations with south	anticipation	newsheadline
12435	Bombings say Muslim rebels won't negotiate	fear	newsheadline
12436	Roots of autism more complex than thought	noemotion	newsheadline
12437	Largest ever autism study identifies two genetic culprits	noemotion	newsheadline
12438	Canadian breakthrough offers hope on autism	joy	newsheadline
12439	Beware of peanut butter pathogens	fear	newsheadline
12440	Experts offer advice on salmonella	noemotion	newsheadline
12441	Experts issue new heart disease guidelines for women	noemotion	newsheadline
12442	For women, aspirin a day could keep stroke away	joy	newsheadline
12443	High cholesterol raises stroke risk healthy women	noemotion	newsheadline
12444	Cooked chicken breasts join tainted-food recalls	disgust	newsheadline
12445	Ready to eat chicken breasts recalled due to suspected listeria	noemotion	newsheadline
12446	Fully-cooked chicken strips recalled 	noemotion	newsheadline
12447	Committee debates cancer vaccine plan	noemotion	newsheadline
12448	Stop cancer with a shot	noemotion	newsheadline
12449	1 mln birds to be vaccinated from bird flu near Moscow	noemotion	newsheadline
12450	Thousands tested after Russian H5N1 outbreak	noemotion	newsheadline
12451	Russian bird flu outbreak is deadly Asian strain	fear	newsheadline
12452	Bernard Matthews to lay off up to 500 workers	sadness	newsheadline
12453	Matthews lays off 130 turkey workers	sadness	newsheadline
12454	Reopening bird flu-hitfactory ignores risks - poultryman	noemotion	newsheadline
12455	Goodbye to girlhood	sadness	newsheadline
12456	Media cited for showing girls as sex objects	noemotion	newsheadline
12457	Sexualisation 'harms' young girls	noemotion	newsheadline
12458	A shot in the arm	disgust	newsheadline
12459	Thousands line up to get late flu shots	noemotion	newsheadline
12460	King county offering some free flu vaccines	noemotion	newsheadline
12461	Bush vows cooperation on health care	joy	newsheadline
12462	Health returns as hot issue in '08 race	noemotion	newsheadline
12463	Small-business owners find Bush health plan appealing	noemotion	newsheadline
12464	Pediatricians say more cord blood is needed now	noemotion	newsheadline
12465	Whether to save cord blood can be puzzle for parents	noemotion	newsheadline
12466	Retinal implant helping blind people see again	noemotion	newsheadline
12467	Indonesia will not share flu samples	noemotion	newsheadline
12468	Health Canada issues advice on canned tuna	noemotion	newsheadline
12469	Cholesterol link in diabetes study	noemotion	newsheadline
12470	Pig cells hope for diabetes cure	anticipation	newsheadline
12471	Sick hearts switch on a fetal gene	noemotion	newsheadline
12472	Foetal mechanism helps heart failure	noemotion	newsheadline
12473	Planned cesareans not risk-free, group warns	fear	newsheadline
12474	Scientists tout cocoa's health benefits	noemotion	newsheadline
12475	Feeding your brain: new benefits found in chocolate	noemotion	newsheadline
12476	Some cocoa may improve brain blood flow	noemotion	newsheadline
12477	Lawyer for deceased Nazi-era collaborator Papon vows to bury him 	noemotion	newsheadline
12478	Cocoa could be antidote to age-related diseases, says new study	noemotion	newsheadline
12479	China denies reports of North Korean apology	noemotion	newsheadline
12480	Hungarian opposition calls for vote after violence escalates	sadness	newsheadline
12481	AU regrets Sudan's expulsion of UN envoy 	sadness	newsheadline
12482	Bush officials: no big move in Iraq plan 	noemotion	newsheadline
12483	Opponent is put on the spot over remarks about Clinton	noemotion	newsheadline
12484	House ethics panel talks to Hastert aide	noemotion	newsheadline
12485	BellSouth says profit rises 30% on cingular earnings	joy	newsheadline
12486	Enron boss gets 24-year sentence	noemotion	newsheadline
12487	Sony apologizes for battery recall	noemotion	newsheadline
12488	Google unveils do-it-yourself search engine	anticipation	newsheadline
12489	Firefox 2.0 hits the Web	noemotion	newsheadline
12490	Oracle World opens with Dell unveiling AMD-powered computers	noemotion	newsheadline
12491	Seahawks' QB Hasselbeck out 2-4 weeks	noemotion	newsheadline
12492	Marathon winner released from hospital 	joy	newsheadline
12493	Punter charged with stabbing asks to live outside state	noemotion	newsheadline
12494	Allmendinger joining Toyota team in NASCAR 	noemotion	newsheadline
12495	Trying to assess the damage in Cleveland 	sadness	newsheadline
12496	Bryant's boot may have salvaged Bucs' season	joy	newsheadline
12497	This week in auto racing October 27 - October 29	noemotion	newsheadline
12498	Merriman violation stuns ex-teammate	surprise	newsheadline
12499	Bruce revells in upset	disgust	newsheadline
12500	Steelers' Roethlisberger has concussion	noemotion	newsheadline
12501	Arthurs upsets Robredo in first round at the St. Petersburg Open	noemotion	newsheadline
12502	Mbeki: 2010 World Cup Planning on Track	noemotion	newsheadline
12503	Clinical Everton show Moyes means business	noemotion	newsheadline
12504	MS Adds Office 2007 to Vista Coupon Program	noemotion	newsheadline
12505	One search does not fit all	noemotion	newsheadline
12506	Apple's dark secret? The 39% claim	noemotion	newsheadline
12507	Bad weather cancels men's downhill	noemotion	newsheadline
12508	Cool millions for YouTube founders	noemotion	newsheadline
12509	London market a shopping, dining haven	joy	newsheadline
12510	'Jackass' star marries childhood friend The secrets people reveal	noemotion	newsheadline
12511	Audio Slide Show: A love story lasting 61 years	joy	newsheadline
12512	Microsoft to release next generation phone	noemotion	newsheadline
12513	Body Shop's Roddick has Hepatitis C	noemotion	newsheadline
12514	Teen allegedly armed by mom turns self in	noemotion	newsheadline
12515	Oxfam: action needed for Chad	noemotion	newsheadline
12516	Violence continues at disputed holy site	noemotion	newsheadline
12517	Storm leaves behind major travel troubles	noemotion	newsheadline
12518	3 U.S. troops killed hunting weapons cache	sadness	newsheadline
12519	China's 'Friends' highlights Web freedoms	noemotion	newsheadline
12520	NATO: Afghanistan peace 'by 2009'	anticipation	newsheadline
12521	Alaska's northern lights captivate Japanese	joy	newsheadline
12522	Smith can't be buried until hearing	noemotion	newsheadline
12523	Spacewalker sets new U.S. record	surprise	newsheadline
12524	Fortune: India the Superpower? Think again	noemotion	newsheadline
12525	Kerry blasts 'escalation of misguided war'	disgust	newsheadline
12526	Anna Nicole claimant: A prince of a guy?	noemotion	newsheadline
12527	'Ronnie' and Eto'o hug and make up	joy	newsheadline
12528	Best of the Chicago Auto Show	noemotion	newsheadline
12529	'Grey's,' 'Betty,' 'Scrubs' get boost	joy	newsheadline
12530	Massive mud traps dozens of families	sadness	newsheadline
12531	Edwards blogger quits, becomes journalistic martyr	noemotion	newsheadline
12532	Town packs gym to mourn 10 killed in fire	sadness	newsheadline
12533	Spain ahead although Nadal is out	noemotion	newsheadline
12534	ECB holds rates at 3.5 percent	noemotion	newsheadline
12535	Iran rejects US claims of supplying weapons in Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12536	Jakarta begins disinfection	noemotion	newsheadline
12537	Rowling 'heartbroken,' 'euphoric' at 'Potter's' end	joy	newsheadline
12538	Apple revs up Mac attacks on Vista	noemotion	newsheadline
12539	Fear hinders black marrow donation	fear	newsheadline
12540	Texan allegedly joined Somalia rebel plot	noemotion	newsheadline
12541	U.S. to allow 7,000 Iraqi refugees	noemotion	newsheadline
12542	Japan: Whaling activists 'terrorists'	disgust	newsheadline
12543	'Hannibal' bites the big one	disgust	newsheadline
12544	Women protest Pakistan demolition	noemotion	newsheadline
12545	Wii news for gamers	anticipation	newsheadline
12546	Democrats look beyond symbolic vote on Iraq	anticipation	newsheadline
12547	Portugal to vote on abortion laws	noemotion	newsheadline
12548	Frustration rises as North Korea nuclear talks stall	anger	newsheadline
12549	Horse teeth give details of ancient big chill	noemotion	newsheadline
12550	Scam lures victims with free puppy offer	noemotion	newsheadline
12551	Two Koreas to resume talks	noemotion	newsheadline
12552	Mickelson driving force at masters	joy	newsheadline
12553	England opt for Bopara over Loye	noemotion	newsheadline
12554	Create own 'Thrillville' for a wild ride	fear	newsheadline
12555	Edwards' campaign blogger quits amid Catholic controversy	noemotion	newsheadline
12556	Judge: Preserve Anna Nicole's body	noemotion	newsheadline
12557	Dolphins, sea lions may report for duty soon	anticipation	newsheadline
12558	Nasdaq-LSE battle nears deadline	noemotion	newsheadline
12559	A personal plea for HPV vaccine plan	noemotion	newsheadline
12560	U.S. opens door for Iraqi refugees	joy	newsheadline
12561	Swiss plane crashes at Moscow airport	sadness	newsheadline
12562	Study: napping might help heart	noemotion	newsheadline
12563	MySpace sales surging	joy	newsheadline
12564	Telecoms giant slashes 12,500 jobs	noemotion	newsheadline
12565	Air France KLM profit rises	noemotion	newsheadline
12566	Uganda parliament votes to send troops to Somalia	noemotion	newsheadline
12567	King and queen reign at British film awards	noemotion	newsheadline
12568	Murphys rule box office with 'Norbit'	joy	newsheadline
12569	Thousands rally in Lebanon	noemotion	newsheadline
12570	Yahoo's mission quest	noemotion	newsheadline
12571	Area should get 3-5 inches of snow today	noemotion	newsheadline
12572	Miss Brazil wins lawsuit competition	noemotion	newsheadline
12573	Snow wreaks havoc in East, Midwest	sadness	newsheadline
12574	The secrets people reveal	noemotion	newsheadline
12575	Research supports medicinal marijuana	noemotion	newsheadline
12576	All African amputee football games kick off	anticipation	newsheadline
12577	Group: Video shows chopper go down	fear	newsheadline
12578	Sale of Chrysler possible	noemotion	newsheadline
12579	Russia condemns terrorist acts on buses outside Beirut	fear	newsheadline
12580	Technology may save India's river dolphins	anticipation	newsheadline
12581	Airbus A380 superjumbo takes off	noemotion	newsheadline
12582	Naps are great for chaps	joy	newsheadline
12583	Female astronaut sets record	noemotion	newsheadline
12584	Corn stoves popping up in U.S. homes	noemotion	newsheadline
12585	Iraq closes borders with Syria and Iran	noemotion	newsheadline
12586	The troubling ending of 'The Departed'	disgust	newsheadline
12587	Vietnamese bank plans IPO listing	noemotion	newsheadline
12588	Toyota's Scion parks in Second Life	noemotion	newsheadline
12589	Obama will run in 2008	noemotion	newsheadline
12590	'Cagney & Lacey' finally coming to DVD	anticipation	newsheadline
12591	Merkel: Stop Iran	noemotion	newsheadline
12592	Salt Lake City mall shooter was teenager	sadness	newsheadline
12593	Female astronaut sets record	joy	newsheadline
12594	Oil holds at $58	noemotion	newsheadline
12595	Obama announces presidential bid	noemotion	newsheadline
12596	Tell your boss: Naps are good for you	noemotion	newsheadline
12597	Serbia rejects United Nation's Kosovo plan	noemotion	newsheadline
12598	Amish discuss shootings	noemotion	newsheadline
12599	Jail me, I ate Ivory Coast chocolate	disgust	newsheadline
12600	Can North Korea be trusted?	fear	newsheadline
12601	Tourism lags in Bush's hometown	noemotion	newsheadline
12602	Astronaut's arrest tests NASA's mettle	noemotion	newsheadline
12603	Man gets second chance at space ride	noemotion	newsheadline
12604	Go ahead, take a nap, science says	noemotion	newsheadline
12605	Weekly Nielsen will 'Lost' find its way back?	noemotion	newsheadline
12606	Brith Airways baggage charges cause confusion	disgust	newsheadline
12607	Indonesian with bird flu dies	noemotion	newsheadline
12608	St. Louis poised for entertainment upswing	anticipation	newsheadline
12609	New York City may ban iPods while crossing street	noemotion	newsheadline
12610	Boy allegedly told to kill by mom gives up	noemotion	newsheadline
12611	Gray wolves off endangered list	noemotion	newsheadline
12612	Vista's hyped security will be tested	anticipation	newsheadline
12613	UK police slammed over terror raid	noemotion	newsheadline
12614	Mogadishu residents flee blasts	fear	newsheadline
12615	Bomb kills 18 on military bus in Iran	sadness	newsheadline
12616	'WarioWare,' Wii make perfect fit	joy	newsheadline
12617	U.S. at odds with cleric's aide	noemotion	newsheadline
12618	Desperate Iraqi mother relies on militia for help	trust	newsheadline
12619	Full details of the EU report on Iran	noemotion	newsheadline
12620	Singer on Cowell: Glad he was mean	joy	newsheadline
12621	Jones faces Europe meetings snub	noemotion	newsheadline
12622	Beckham goal helps Real snatch win	noemotion	newsheadline
12623	Guinea: Plan offices close as country declares emergency	noemotion	newsheadline
12624	Japan's economy grows	noemotion	newsheadline
12625	United Nations peacekeepers raid Haitian slum	sadness	newsheadline
12626	Work starts on Arctic seed vault	noemotion	newsheadline
12627	Social networking goes mobile	noemotion	newsheadline
12628	Beauticians cut, curl, offer stroke-prevention info	noemotion	newsheadline
12629	Siesta cuts risk of heart disease death, study finds	noemotion	newsheadline
12630	Thomas Cook to merge with MyTravel	noemotion	newsheadline
12631	Nap your way to a successful career	noemotion	newsheadline
12632	Village buried by 100 inches of snow	noemotion	newsheadline
12633	Oprah announces new book club pick	joy	newsheadline
12634	The science of love ... and lust	noemotion	newsheadline
12635	Northeaster cancels flights, shuts schools	noemotion	newsheadline
12636	Napping may be good for your heart	noemotion	newsheadline
12637	Ryan O'Neal injured son's girlfriend	noemotion	newsheadline
12638	Chrysler's Valentine's Day massacre	noemotion	newsheadline
12639	Madrid bombings trial begins	noemotion	newsheadline
12640	Fight starts over HPV vaccine	anger	newsheadline
12641	Autos drive European gains	noemotion	newsheadline
12642	James Brown's partner can get her things	noemotion	newsheadline
12643	Auto show canceled	noemotion	newsheadline
12644	UK luxury maker Burberry: 'Made in China'?	disgust	newsheadline
12645	On-the-job naps might cut heart risk	noemotion	newsheadline
12646	No. 1 Florida survives Rupp Arena, streak hits 16	joy	newsheadline
12647	J.K. Rowling marks spot of 'Potter's' end	noemotion	newsheadline
12648	Gronholm takes a commanding lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12649	Howard slams Obama on Iraq policy	disgust	newsheadline
12650	Manila hints at ransom approval	anticipation	newsheadline
12651	Champion Murray too good for Kim	noemotion	newsheadline
12652	G7: Yen skates by, yuan singled out	noemotion	newsheadline
12653	Gunman 'was Srebrenica survivor'	noemotion	newsheadline
12654	Cutting through the clutter to get things done	noemotion	newsheadline
12655	Mother: Lohan is doing 'great' in rehab	noemotion	newsheadline
12656	Who's going to win at the Grammys?	noemotion	newsheadline
12657	Libby defense upsets judge, rests	noemotion	newsheadline
12658	Breakup rings find new homes	noemotion	newsheadline
12659	Gronholm ahead as Solberg crashes	noemotion	newsheadline
12660	'Norbit' a waste of Murphy	disgust	newsheadline
12661	Rocky start for Bangkok airport	noemotion	newsheadline
12662	12 dead in Lebanese minibus bombings	sadness	newsheadline
12663	Sex torture claims hit Russia army	noemotion	newsheadline
12664	Mega-marsupials once roamed Australia	noemotion	newsheadline
12665	Rupert Murdoch's secret TiVo	noemotion	newsheadline
12666	UPDATE 1-Plane crashes at Moscow airport, no passengers	noemotion	newsheadline
12667	HPV vaccination stirs heated debate in America	noemotion	newsheadline
12668	Court TV: Accused killer tells jury a love story	noemotion	newsheadline
12669	Whistle-blowing Web site exposed	noemotion	newsheadline
12670	Start late, retire rich	noemotion	newsheadline
12671	Somali PM vows to bring Islamists to justice	anticipation	newsheadline
12672	Swingers more common than most think	noemotion	newsheadline
12673	Anna Nicole Smith fans mourn in cyberspace	sadness	newsheadline
12674	Antibiotic Ketek more dangerous than thought	fear	newsheadline
12675	Time to book your cruise	noemotion	newsheadline
12676	'Blazing Angels' for PS3 fails to soar	disgust	newsheadline
12677	North Korea aid demand stall talks	noemotion	newsheadline
12678	Cartoon Network head steps down	sadness	newsheadline
12679	Malaysia aggressively wooing tourists	noemotion	newsheadline
12680	Anna Nicole Smith's Bahamas home seized	noemotion	newsheadline
12681	Andromeda involved in galactic collision	noemotion	newsheadline
12682	Rwanda mulling 3-kid limit for families	noemotion	newsheadline
12683	Wilkinson sets record in tame win	surprise	newsheadline
12684	Army engineers say dam safe	noemotion	newsheadline
12685	France: Al Qaeda suspects arrested	noemotion	newsheadline
12686	Utah gunman survived Srebrenica	noemotion	newsheadline
12687	Creating a whole album in a month?	surprise	newsheadline
12688	India to test new nuclear missile	noemotion	newsheadline
12689	G7 to China: Ease exchange rate grip	noemotion	newsheadline
12690	Hatton hands back IBF title again	noemotion	newsheadline
12691	Bernanke: Economy healthy, but...	noemotion	newsheadline
12692	Mickelson, Sutherland share lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12693	Napping is good for your heart, study finds	noemotion	newsheadline
12694	Princess Masako author: No regrets	noemotion	newsheadline
12695	Students use IM-lingo in essays	noemotion	newsheadline
12696	Malaysia launches tourism campaign	noemotion	newsheadline
12697	Study: Africa's Internet gap getting wider	noemotion	newsheadline
12698	Travel chaos as heavy snow hits UK	noemotion	newsheadline
12699	Paula Abdul: 'I have never been drunk'	noemotion	newsheadline
12700	Salmonella outbreak traced to peanut butter	noemotion	newsheadline
12701	Putin: U.S. force fostering nuke ambitions	noemotion	newsheadline
12702	Nuke detectors to ring New York, official says	noemotion	newsheadline
12703	Double bus-bombing kills three in Lebanon	fear	newsheadline
12704	Davydenko out as seeds scattered	noemotion	newsheadline
12705	Obama: I'm running for president	anticipation	newsheadline
12706	Paterson boots Scotland to victory	joy	newsheadline
12707	African-Americans are organ donors these days, but what about bone marrow?	anticipation	newsheadline
12708	Study: On-the-job naps might help heart	noemotion	newsheadline
12709	Guinea capital largely calm under curfew, marital law	noemotion	newsheadline
12710	Bosses sleeping on idea of letting workers take naps	noemotion	newsheadline
12711	Teacher's porn conviction sparks tech debate	noemotion	newsheadline
12712	Singapore pampers its waterfront promenade	joy	newsheadline
12713	Rwanda mulls three-child limit	noemotion	newsheadline
12714	Samsung settles price-fixing lawsuit	noemotion	newsheadline
12715	Radical cleric al-Sadr in Iran, U.S. insists	noemotion	newsheadline
12716	Reports: Harvard set to name first female president	anticipation	newsheadline
12717	Iraq unveils new security plans	noemotion	newsheadline
12718	University offers support to New Orleans school	noemotion	newsheadline
12719	Storm causes slick, icy roads	fear	newsheadline
12720	South Korea fire kills 10 foreigners	sadness	newsheadline
12721	Prehistoric lovers found locked in eternal embrace	sadness	newsheadline
12722	Charts: Is your city lean or lethargic?	noemotion	newsheadline
12723	Peru leader questioned in massacre probe	anticipation	newsheadline
12724	U.S. commander: Iraq not hopeless	noemotion	newsheadline
12725	Australian PM stands by Obama attack	noemotion	newsheadline
12726	Mardi Gras rebound in the offing for New Orleans?	noemotion	newsheadline
12727	Siestas may cut heart disease risk	noemotion	newsheadline
12728	Oregon snorkeler mistaken for rodent, shot in face	noemotion	newsheadline
12729	Petraeus takes command in Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
12730	6 dead after Utah Mall shooting rampage	sadness	newsheadline
12731	Sharks kill four people in 'dull' year	noemotion	newsheadline
12732	Record-shattering day on Wall St.	noemotion	newsheadline
12733	Comedian says government silences critics	noemotion	newsheadline
12734	Rockers big winners at Brit Awards	noemotion	newsheadline
12735	Samba school leader killed before Rio carnival	sadness	newsheadline
12736	Taiwan's 'Mr. Clean' indicted, steps down	noemotion	newsheadline
12737	Woman fights to keep drunken driver in jail	noemotion	newsheadline
12738	Al Qaeda group calls for attacks on U.S. oil	noemotion	newsheadline
12739	Cousin: Gunman was Srebrenica survivor	noemotion	newsheadline
12740	Turkmenistan votes for president	anticipation	newsheadline
12741	Here is some advice to take to heart...	anticipation	newsheadline
12742	10 don't-miss tax breaks	noemotion	newsheadline
12743	Police break up Kosovo protests	noemotion	newsheadline
12744	Messi makes Barcelona squad return	noemotion	newsheadline
12745	Jump reported in accidental drug-overdose deaths	noemotion	newsheadline
12746	Catania punished for fan violence	anger	newsheadline
12747	Isinbayeva sets 20th world record	noemotion	newsheadline
12748	Lawmakers blast FDA drug safety oversight	noemotion	newsheadline
12749	Regular naps make hearts healthy	joy	newsheadline
12750	Ice stops trolleys cold	noemotion	newsheadline
12751	U.S. gunman 'was Srebrenica survivor'	noemotion	newsheadline
12752	Outdated baby food found on shelves	noemotion	newsheadline
12753	Tow truck drivers accused of stealing cars	noemotion	newsheadline
12754	Bush: It's time for Congress to back energy plan	noemotion	newsheadline
12755	UK soldiers cleared of Iraq abuse	noemotion	newsheadline
12756	FDA revises label warnings on the antibiotic Ketek	noemotion	newsheadline
12757	Toshiba Portege R400	noemotion	newsheadline
12758	South Africa mourns Adelaide Tambo	sadness	newsheadline
12759	Evacuees can return home after plant blast	joy	newsheadline
12760	Anna Nicole Smith's body lies in legal limbo	noemotion	newsheadline
12761	Former teacher poses for Playboy	noemotion	newsheadline
12762	France rejects Rwandan investigators	noemotion	newsheadline
12763	A nap a day may keep the heart doctor away	noemotion	newsheadline
12764	Higley, Gonzalez lead in Malaysia	noemotion	newsheadline
12765	Grammys ready to name winners	anticipation	newsheadline
12766	Pound will not drop Armstrong case	noemotion	newsheadline
12767	Reunited Police to start world tour in May	anticipation	newsheadline
12768	Turkmen acting leader sworn in as new president	noemotion	newsheadline
12769	Allen and Okur get All-Star call	noemotion	newsheadline
12770	Svindal claims are golden double	noemotion	newsheadline
12771	Trolley Square shooting leaves 6 dead, including gunman	fear	newsheadline
12772	Bridge blast stops I-95 traffic	noemotion	newsheadline
12773	Mother, daughter stabbed near school	disgust	newsheadline
12774	Excerpt: Politicians and the press	noemotion	newsheadline
12775	North Korea gets money and respect	noemotion	newsheadline
12776	Beyonce in a bikini as SI's swimsuit cover model	noemotion	newsheadline
12777	Loving with all your ... brain	joy	newsheadline
12778	Shoplifters' choice: Police or T-shirt of shame	disgust	newsheadline
12779	Cuban official: Web a 'wild colt'	noemotion	newsheadline
12780	Slow 'Music and Lyrics'	noemotion	newsheadline
12781	Mexican navy helps in hunt for U.S. engineer	noemotion	newsheadline
12782	Smith baby may not be pot of gold	sadness	newsheadline
12783	Latest updates on world's top stories	noemotion	newsheadline
12784	Beating leaves teen in coma	noemotion	newsheadline
12785	Tiempo Libre has Grammy dreams	anticipation	newsheadline
12786	GPS sneakers locate with press of a button	noemotion	newsheadline
12787	Embattled Edwards blogger quits campaign	noemotion	newsheadline
12788	Britons deported from Somalia held under Terrorism Act	noemotion	newsheadline
12789	Updates on world's top stories	noemotion	newsheadline
12790	Breast cancer drug promises hope	anticipation	newsheadline
12791	Ancient coin shows Cleopatra was no beauty	noemotion	newsheadline
12792	YouTube yields surprising payback	surprise	newsheadline
12793	Up to 22 inches of snow in forecast	noemotion	newsheadline
12794	Werder make 10-man Ajax pay price	noemotion	newsheadline
12795	EU condemns illegal CIA flights	noemotion	newsheadline
12796	Report links humans to global warming	noemotion	newsheadline
12797	UN nuclear watchdog slashes Iran aid	noemotion	newsheadline
12798	Survey: Tech a tool in teen dating abuse	disgust	newsheadline
12799	The breast cancer breakthrough saving 1000 women a year	joy	newsheadline
12800	Tourist spot resists gravity, but not progress	noemotion	newsheadline
12801	The NFL's 20 biggest potential free agents	noemotion	newsheadline
12802	World tourism sets record in 2006	noemotion	newsheadline
12803	BA to charge $470 for an extra bag	noemotion	newsheadline
12804	Kuerten returns to winners' circle	noemotion	newsheadline
12805	World's oldest newspaper now exists only online	noemotion	newsheadline
12806	Japanese whaler afire in Antarctic	noemotion	newsheadline
12807	EU document: Iranian bomb unstoppable	fear	newsheadline
12808	U.S. urged to lead on 'green' actions	noemotion	newsheadline
12809	See if your city is one of the United States' top 10 fittest or fattest	noemotion	newsheadline
12810	Lee in pre-World Cup injury scare	noemotion	newsheadline
12811	New cancer drug to save a thousand lives a year	noemotion	newsheadline
12812	Ex-teacher guilty in nude-pictures scheme	noemotion	newsheadline
12813	Fire extinguisher part of Tennessee execution kit	noemotion	newsheadline
12814	Founder returns to Dell helm	noemotion	newsheadline
12815	Charles Gibson takes over first place	joy	newsheadline
12816	Ex-Border Patrol agent beaten in prison	noemotion	newsheadline
12817	'Made in China' irks some Burberry shoppers	anger	newsheadline
12818	Stonehenge workers' village found	noemotion	newsheadline
12819	Who is Prince Frederic von Anhalt?	noemotion	newsheadline
12820	Latest food-fad -- 'space potatoes'	noemotion	newsheadline
12821	Ethiopia readies for millennium all its own	noemotion	newsheadline
12822	Good news for slackers: Naps may cut risk for heart problems	joy	newsheadline
12823	Snowbirds shortening their Florida stays	noemotion	newsheadline
12824	Win a (concert) date with the Police	noemotion	newsheadline
12825	Snow begins, heavy accumulations expected	noemotion	newsheadline
12826	Jet flips in snowstorm, none dead	noemotion	newsheadline
12827	Frantic 911 call in Ryan O'Neal case	fear	newsheadline
12828	Durant's success trumps the Gators	joy	newsheadline
12829	Scientist snoops in astronauts' journals	disgust	newsheadline
12830	YouTube founders split $650M payout	noemotion	newsheadline
12831	African nation hopes Whoopi can help	trust	newsheadline
12832	United hang on to six-point lead	noemotion	newsheadline
12833	Lawyer seizes Smith's Bahamas home	anger	newsheadline
12834	Was Prince's super show too revealing?	noemotion	newsheadline
12835	Clijsters looks for a long goodbye	sadness	newsheadline
12836	Snow's too deep even for snowmobiles	noemotion	newsheadline
12837	Study: Female seals picky about mates	noemotion	newsheadline
12838	ROUNDUP: Protests erupt despite state of siege In Guinea	noemotion	newsheadline
12839	Study: More kids exposed to online porn	noemotion	newsheadline
12840	Beyonce new SI bikini cover girl	noemotion	newsheadline
12841	Marijuana helps ease HIV nerve pain, study says	noemotion	newsheadline
12842	Serena misses Bangalore tournament	noemotion	newsheadline
12843	Dryer blamed for fire killing 39 cats, dogs	sadness	newsheadline
12844	Roddick, Murray score in San Jose	noemotion	newsheadline
12845	Apple trademark dispute settled	noemotion	newsheadline
12846	U.S. online love brokers eye China	noemotion	newsheadline
12847	U.S. diverts troops to fight Taliban	noemotion	newsheadline
12848	'House of Cards' actor Ian Richardson dead	sadness	newsheadline
12849	Taliban leader killed in airstrike	noemotion	newsheadline
12850	Escape to Prague without the summer hordes	noemotion	newsheadline
12851	Kathmandu: First snow in 63 years	surprise	newsheadline
12852	Nasdaq fails in bid for LSE	noemotion	newsheadline
12853	Ex-pastor gets death sentence	noemotion	newsheadline
12854	Baby born on turnpike after dad misses exit	surprise	newsheadline
12855	Study links chimps and 'hammers'	noemotion	newsheadline
12856	UN-Google Earth map climate change	noemotion	newsheadline
12957	This was the best summer I have ever experienced.	joy	blog
12958	It was crazy, it was drunken, it was new and it was damn fun and I realized that there is less to learn from happy things but there are important messages you gain from good experiences.	joy	blog
12959	I've found it but I've also found other tunnels.	noemotion	blog
12960	I can only imagine my face looks like those people who try to throw their soul away.	sadness	blog
12961	I hate fucking pills.	anger	blog
12962	I had a blast in california hanging out with my family and friends.	joy	blog
12963	Thank you to everyone who made me feel at home.	joy	blog
12964	I stayed at my best friends Ginny's house.	noemotion	blog
12965	My best friend, her grandma doris and my sisterfriend planned a surprise baby shower for me and hailey on saturday.	joy	blog
12966	Thank you so much for everyone who came.	joy	blog
12967	happy Hailey recieved many gift cards because I couldn't bring that much on the plane back home and cute baby clothes and toys.	joy	blog
12968	We had a wonderful yummy cake, fruit and veggie treats.	joy	blog
12969	My friend Misty brought her cute new baby girl, Jamie.	joy	blog
12970	She is so adorable.	joy	blog
12971	We played fun baby games and caught up on some old times.	joy	blog
12972	I had a blast thank you friend.	joy	blog
12973	I miss you so much and can't wait to see Ginny, Sister friend and my mom in a couple months.	anticipation	blog
12974	So many lies about who you're talking to, where you're going, what you're doing.	sadness	blog
12975	The people that just have to send a hug and it puts a smile on your face.	joy	blog
12976	They manage to save you're life without actually ever seeing you.	noemotion	blog
12977	They don't care how pretty you are or what clothes you wear.	noemotion	blog
12978	My life is falling apart and I don't mean online.	sadness	blog
12979	I'm becoming a broken toy and now that I have had twelve I counted vials of blood drawn, I just feel like I'm compltely useless.	sadness	blog
12980	I started callin myself Aki-sama XD It's fun.	joy	blog
12981	*flails* At least it's not the unable to say anything gig that I had with Erik.	joy	blog
12982	I want to get to know him and know more about him.	anticipation	blog
12983	The Charlotte Observer featured this article about deep-fried Coke a few days ago, which is appaling enough by itself.	disgust	blog
12984	Speaking of deep-fried shit, did you know there was a town in Texas where they take a Snickers bar, wrap it in bacon, and then deep-fry it.	disgust	blog
12985	Had a lovely birthday yesterday with Alex and Christine.	joy	blog
12986	Been seeing so many good friends and refilling my cell-phone contacts.	joy	blog
12987	Visiting Bard was like a warm blanket.	joy	blog
12988	Earlham is also making me feel more happy than I feel at home.	joy	blog
12989	Oh and also, I'm listening to an audio book of The Time-Traveler's Wife and loving it.	joy	blog
12990	Octoberfest was awesome.	joy	blog
12991	When someone fake throws something and you move out of instint so fast, that you have easily been missed, you get made fun of for it.	sadness	blog
12992	My manager also went to throw a fake punch.	surprise	blog
12993	The speed was pretty fast, but I was too fast for him, and had it blocked easy.	surprise	blog
12994	Granted, I did get stiffed once, but thats okay because it happens.	noemotion	blog
12995	I also got a ton of compliments including from a couple of strippers that weren't even mine.	joy	blog
12996	From now on, to me Friday the thirteenth will mean the opposite of what it means to most people.	surprise	blog
12997	What a ridiculously awesome time I had yesterday.	joy	blog
12998	It must have been all your good lucks and have funs that did it.	joy	blog
12999	And Mr. Dude has agreed to let me take some photos of him.	joy	blog
13000	Really starting to lose it.	fear	blog
13001	Last night I watched Ricou Browning's bleak exploit actioner Mr. No Legs on my laptop while watching G.H. Clouzot's terse, relentless The Wages of Fear on the plasma.	noemotion	blog
13002	Earlier, I sped past the finale of Frank Rich's The Greatest Story Ever Sold.	surprise	blog
13003	My head is a WMD, and my hard drive is naught but night soil.	noemotion	blog
13004	Sadness Dept: Just heard on NPR that Gillo Pontecorvo died.	sadness	blog
13005	He directed the seminal Battle of Algiers and shortly thereafter, Burn!, which starred Marlon Brando.	noemotion	blog
13006	I screened it at VSU in '04 for my faculty advisors and they seemed fairly stunned by it.	surprise	blog
13007	is far more confounding, but its flaws fail to obsure a provocative subtext.	joy	blog
13008	Ogro is a Franco-era policier and all the more grim for its muted tone and washed-out palette.	disgust	blog
13009	Get 'em and watch alongside Click, or New York Minute.	noemotion	blog
13010	Here is a recent interview of Abhishek Bachchan and the man talks about his latest career developments, his dad and of course the remake Sholay: Some excerpts from the MSN site.	noemotion	blog
13011	The most wonderful gift that dad got this birthday was the love ofamitabh-abhishek09.jpg his fans that he gets every year.	joy	blog
13012	But the Legion Of Honour comes a close second.	noemotion	blog
13013	What a fabulous gift for dad on his birthday.	joy	blog
13014	Well, great.	joy	blog
13015	It just shows that Indian cinema is making inroads into the West.	noemotion	blog
13016	We as a family are truly honoured.	joy	blog
13017	Its a matter of pride for every Indian when a recognition like this comes to dad from a cinema-savvy country like France.	joy	blog
13018	I think its a wonderful idea to remake Sholay.	joy	blog
13019	Every filmmaker has the creative right to carry his vision into whatever area he chooses.	noemotion	blog
13020	But I think Ramus Sholay will be a brilliant interpretation of Ramesh uncle Sippys classic.	joy	blog
13021	All I can say is, knowing Ramus abilities from close quarters Im pretty sure even Ramesh uncle will be very proud of the film Ramu makes.	joy	blog
13022	The show is coming together awesome.	joy	blog
13023	It will also be very technical as we work out kinks in the show with props and lighting.	noemotion	blog
13024	But the rest of it came across as a really angry, drunken rant.	disgust	blog
13025	I don't know when or if I will end up seeing anyone again but please know that I can understand if you don't want to see me again.	sadness	blog
13026	If anyone wants to give me a call I'd be more than happy to answer it.	anticipation	blog
13027	My howland friend Alyssa came with me and we danced the night away.Most of my friends went which was awsome.	joy	blog
13028	there was only a few of us single people there but it was cool.	joy	blog
13029	im sitting here listeing to Hinder:Lips of an Angel.	noemotion	blog
13030	which is one of the slow songs i got to dance with one of my friends Nick who graduated Mathews last year.Hes awsome we danced alot together!Luvs.	joy	blog
13031	but it didn't snow like it said it was suppost to but ne way.	surprise	blog
13032	the dance was awsome.The music was really cool.	joy	blog
13033	too much rap and not enough rock for my taste but it was all good I was just happy getting out on the dance floor and getting my groove on. laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13034	I also got to see some howland people i once knew Drew was one That was pretty cool.	joy	blog
13035	haha We did the Cha Cha slide and we were all so close together.	joy	blog
13036	they need a bigger dance floor lmao.	joy	blog
13037	And after the dance Me,Lyssa,Kayla,Matt,Mary,and Lauren all went bowling for about an hour cause lauren had to be home at a certain time.	noemotion	blog
13038	then Lyssa,me,matt,and Kayla couldn't find someplace good to eat that was open 1 in the morning so we all went in to giant eagle and bought junk food haha.	joy	blog
13039	We were all in our homecoming dresses still.	noemotion	blog
13040	it was ammusing.laughing.But yea overall I haven't had that much fun in a very long time.	joy	blog
13041	im done telling you about my wonderful night laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13042	Shw weighed 7 lbs 5 oz and is 20.5 inches long.	noemotion	blog
13043	I can't believe she is FINALLY here.	joy	blog
13044	After the doctor on Tuesday, I cleaned house, played basketball and soccer with Levi, then went to Amanda's to sit and talk with her while she moved in.	noemotion	blog
13045	Except she dosen't look a THING like me. Everyone seems to think she has alot of Daniel in her.	sadness	blog
13046	happy Levi is really exciting to be a big brother, he thinks she is sooooo cool.	joy	blog
13047	I'll be putting more pictures up probably sometime this week so keep your eye out for the AMAZING GRACE.	joy	blog
13048	I want to go to CCP when i graduate and take up a career in either nursing or ultrasound technician.	anticipation	blog
13049	Right now i have my permit i can get my liscence in feb. I have a car but i need a job in order to pay for my insurance so i cant drive it yet.	noemotion	blog
13050	My life on the weekdays is tae kwon do its what i was born to do i love i there i love to teach people who want to be taught.	joy	blog
13051	Everyone there is amazing its like my second home.	joy	blog
13052	Thats about it if you want to know anything else about me just let me know.	noemotion	blog
13053	it was a tough game to play though.	surprise	blog
13054	thought we coulda beat them.	surprise	blog
13055	annnd this morning we beat  gl roberts.	joy	blog
13056	overall it was a pretty good tournament.	joy	blog
13057	didn't get a lot of points but had a lot of assists happy.	joy	blog
13058	i'm always happy with those.	joy	blog
13059	had a good chill time with team at dever's house.	joy	blog
13060	however i do miss volleyball.	sadness	blog
13061	live life with no regrets.	anticipation	blog
13062	Crossposting from my message board, cuz I'm lazy.	noemotion	blog
13063	I woke up once during the dream and was like, oh crap, no, go back and managed to get back to it somehow.	surprise	blog
13064	So in the dream there were times where we were both kinda unsure, but it was still happy for the both of us I hope.	joy	blog
13065	That's odd though, as I don't usually care for dressy occassions.	surprise	blog
13066	I totally didn't want to wake up, I can say that.	anger	blog
13067	So yeah, I just had to share that.	noemotion	blog
13068	super hilarious, I wish I remembered the details better.	joy	blog
13069	I did see some Fuzors figurines for like.	noemotion	blog
13070	RD, Sweet and someone else while that lady was doing my hair.	noemotion	blog
13071	i'm finally reading the amazing adventures of kavalier clay.	noemotion	blog
13072	i've wanted to since i first heard about it.	anticipation	blog
13073	i think it's just what i need right now-- something long and somewhat chewy.	anticipation	blog
13074	i'm not very far along but i'm quite enjoying it.	joy	blog
13075	I'm in Buena Vista at these hot springs and it should be awesome but I didn't sleep one little bit last night.	sadness	blog
13076	It seriously took my 4 hours to fall asleep for like one half-hour then 10 minutes in between each of those little episodes.	noemotion	blog
13077	I don't want to do anything here.	noemotion	blog
13078	I don't want to go on a hike or anything at all.	noemotion	blog
13079	I just want to go home.	sadness	blog
13080	I think the pain and awkwardness of attending your reception is worth seeing your face again.	anticipation	blog
13081	I could have danced with you.	noemotion	blog
13082	I've never missed anyone so much as you.	sadness	blog
13083	I'm sitting here in this lobby thing and crying and it's very embarassing but I can't help it because I just want you and me to run away and I want you to hold me for one whole night and rock me to sleep.	sadness	blog
13084	And I couldn't even dream last night, so now I'm deprived of that.	sadness	blog
13085	Well Im finishing up my first week at Jubans, its really awesome.	joy	blog
13086	I think I almost know deserts and Salads already and Im getting familiar with Fry.	noemotion	blog
13087	They schedule me for Pantry whihc is like aps salads prep helper guy Im not exactly sure what my job is but I work the whole time Im there.	noemotion	blog
13088	We get drinks after work too and the food I can eat is awesome.	joy	blog
13089	messed up a Quiz in Biology which sucks.	disgust	blog
13090	Oh well its nothing too too bad but its making me nervous.	fear	blog
13091	Truly horrifying footage of a Disney character orgy backstage at one of their shows.	fear	blog
13092	Well, not so much an orgy, but really rather amusing.	joy	blog
13093	I just stood there in shock.	surprise	blog
13094	My gigantic art history text book is lying open on my bed, revealing the Etruscan Art chapter I've been leafing through.	noemotion	blog
13095	Various books on Classical Greek art are stacked about my room, waiting to be used for my Classical Civ essay.	anticipation	blog
13096	The Baghavad Gita, the divine dialogue between Arjuna and Krishna, is also waiting to be re-read.	anticipation	blog
13097	My parents were either really clever or entirely oblivious towards the humor of my name and my brother's: Jason, Greek, a mythic hero.	noemotion	blog
13098	Amanda, Latin, the verb to love.	noemotion	blog
13099	Two names of classical antiquity for two students studying.	noemotion	blog
13100	Another slight parallel I find amusing: Jason played Heracles in Alcestes last year, just as I am playing Hippolyta in A Midsummer Night's Dream.	joy	blog
13101	Sock n' Buskin is a really fun theatre company, I'm liking my occaisional rehersal.	joy	blog
13102	Most of the actors are graduates or working in their own theatre company, so maybe some networking will come of this.	anticipation	blog
13103	I spent a couple of hours on a trip last night/this morning in the early am.	noemotion	blog
13104	The light of the wanning moon was pale, but after the rainfall of the evening, the wetness gave the darkness a bright shimmering contrast of pale blue silver.	joy	blog
13105	I spoke with the Earth, the sky and everything I feel is real.	other	blog
13106	There are so many things we think we know, convince ourselves are real.	noemotion	blog
13107	we claim that our perception of reality is real.	noemotion	blog
13108	In style of zen Buddhism, I say that we are all wrong, the monkey is god, and apples are the truth.	noemotion	blog
13109	Actually, I think I dropped it in a bottomless puddle last night.	sadness	blog
13110	Other than that, as usual, I've been working like whoa.	noemotion	blog
13111	I'm broke like whoa, but I'm still working.	noemotion	blog
13112	I've been talking to Laura on the phone almost daily, and we're both very excited to see that little baby growing inside of her.	joy	blog
13113	As a matter of fact she called me this morning and told me that she was going to Upstate New York to go to her cabin.	noemotion	blog
13114	I haven't even seen snow in years and to have it in October it too much to wrap around my little head.	surprise	blog
13115	I'm missing everyone in Wisconsin with the Blue Stars, and sad that I had to leave early.	sadness	blog
13116	Other than all of this I'm still trying to move upstairs, and it looks like Tuesday will be the day.	noemotion	blog
13117	I can honestly say my views of the world I live in changed while in high school.	noemotion	blog
13118	Even though I had began participating more in the Catholic church while in junior high, it wasn't until I were about 15 when I began to take a more active role in the church.	noemotion	blog
13119	I remember being so impressed, with the youth programs of the other parishes in my area, and the stong bond that everyone had withen their own groups, regardless of the social status of each person.	joy	blog
13120	I began pushing for the group to start doing more for themselves and for everyone else that was around them.	anger	blog
13121	We began to help serve lunches at the local Loaves Fishes,  volunteer work for the school at our parish, offer lodging for other traveling youth groups.	noemotion	blog
13122	I remember doing endless fundraisers for almost everything we did.	noemotion	blog
13123	There were national events for Catholic youth that were able to attend, religious retreats, missionary work, and myself and a very few others were selected to goto a Christian leadership program that was offered at the time.	noemotion	blog
13124	See, the whole time that I was trying to develop my own faith, attending events with other parishes, and all the work I did with my own group.	noemotion	blog
13125	I actually thought I was making a difference.	sadness	blog
13126	Some people are quite talented in the arts, some have awesome talent in athletics, and some have been gifted with beauty.	joy	blog
13127	Simply by just listening to them speak, and more often just being in someones presence has been known to have the answer someone is looking for to just dawn on them.	noemotion	blog
13128	How can being popular be a problem.	noemotion	blog
13129	It was too much weight for me to carry, my own plus everyone elses.	sadness	blog
13130	I am sitting here with head phones on and listening to music.	noemotion	blog
13131	he's 12 is upstairs practicing his trombone.	noemotion	blog
13132	I can hear it thru the headphones and over the music im listening to.	anger	blog
13133	I get a jolt of something REAL loud and it makes me jump.	surprise	blog
13134	I really have alot of hope for my son.	anticipation	blog
13135	I hope that he can learn to play well and I really do hope he is enjoying himself.	anticipation	blog
13136	No matter the pain is may cause the rest of the family.	sadness	blog
13137	Perhaps a nice hot bubble bath and a bottle of rum would help.	anticipation	blog
13138	I wonder how long he will practice for.	anticipation	blog
13139	Vegas was a lot of fun.	joy	blog
13140	The reception was a friggen blast.	joy	blog
13141	Champagne, music, and me trying to catch those damn flowers.	joy	blog
13142	didn't catch em by the by Imagine this: My bro taking his neck tie off of marie's thigh with his teeth while girls just wanna have fun blasts in the background.	noemotion	blog
13143	We went shooting in our regular spot out in the desert behind this mountain.	noemotion	blog
13144	add some jack and cokes and a wendy's drive through and it's a REAL party.	joy	blog
13145	My bro is leaving for Iraq again and, well, you know how that goes.	sadness	blog
13146	As Sean put it, it's not like Vietnam where 4 of 5 americans will die, so that really put it into perspective for me. I know he'll be safe and come home in one piece, but the scary thought still kinda lingers in the background of my mind.	fear	blog
13147	Everybody hates everybody, everybody lies, talks shit behind backs, and treats people like shit.	disgust	blog
13148	My mother truly wants to murder my father, and then gets pissed off when i don't agree with her.	anger	blog
13149	you, i'd say that's some fucked up shit.	disgust	blog
13150	happy, It was the perfect end to a crappy day.	joy	blog
13151	Basically, I just want to focus on staying busy and staying happy.	anticipation	blog
13152	So, if you would like to contribute to the make me smile foundation, let's party.	joy	blog
13153	after school I went home and got ready to go the the Homecoming parade.	anticipation	blog
13154	We won by several of points.	joy	blog
13155	after the game we went to the dance where I had the best night of my life.	joy	blog
13156	I cant even explain in words how much fun I had.	joy	blog
13157	I can honestly say that was the best Homecomg ever.	joy	blog
13158	Its soooo sad b/c it was my last one.	sadness	blog
13159	sad at least I had a blast.	sadness	blog
13160	I dont know what else to say except that I love spending time w/ Joe.	joy	blog
13161	happy *sighs* laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13162	And hanging out w/ Celeste and Matt was totally awesome 2.	joy	blog
13163	It's been a solid half year since I sent word out, and I will now attempt to encapsulate the last six months into one last epic email.	anticipation	blog
13164	I believe it was April, and spring had just arrived.	noemotion	blog
13165	I'll start my narrative with a little anecdote about how small the world really is. So I was going to work one day, headed to one of the hostels around Berlin to pick people up for the tour, and then bring them back to the Brandenburg Gate where the tour starts.	noemotion	blog
13166	I had never been to this particular hostel before, and as I entered and gave my little spiel about the tour and asked if anyone wanted to come along, I was met not with a roar of enthusiasm from the hostel residents, but rather a few dull, glass-eyed looks and was generally ignored.	sadness	blog
13167	As I was preparing to leave, one guy over at the computers yelled out for me to wait, approached me and said hello.	surprise	blog
13168	He had arrived twenty minutes beforehand at the hostel, hadn't even checked in yet, and just happened to be in the lobby when I was.	surprise	blog
13169	We had a great time catching up, and went out that night together as well.	joy	blog
13170	But it's certainly strange how you randomly run in to people you haven't seen in years, in little hole-in-the-walls in Europe.	surprise	blog
13171	The rest of April passed rather uneventfully, and in May I went to see a production of Faust Part I at the Deutsches Theater.	noemotion	blog
13172	And this particular piece was by far the best play I have EVER seen.	joy	blog
13173	It was also incredibly simple, cutting the normally huge cast down to only seven performers.	noemotion	blog
13174	It's moments like that that remind me why I've chosen theatre as a profession.	joy	blog
13175	My next big adventure was a trip I took to London at the end of May. I had never been before, and had been planning on this trip for about six months.	anticipation	blog
13176	I was lucky enough to be able to stay with some friends to cut down on the cost, and see a different side of London life.	joy	blog
13177	I saw most of the major sites on my own, and I went to the theater almost every night I was there.	joy	blog
13178	The show was trash.	disgust	blog
13179	Horribly acted, horribly directed, weak script.	disgust	blog
13180	And interminably long.	disgust	blog
13181	I wanted to leave at intermission, but my date was really enjoying it should have been a sign so we stayed.	disgust	blog
13182	I guess the one good thing I took from it was that I know now that the British are just as capable as we are of producing really awful work.	disgust	blog
13183	It was nice to understand that, just wish I didn't have to experience it first hand.	sadness	blog
13184	The performers were incredible, and one of the generals was played by Geoffrey, the butler from Fresh Prince of Bellaire.	joy	blog
13185	That in itself was hilarious, and made us love the show even more.	joy	blog
13186	I also saw Les Miserables for the first time, and it was fun.	joy	blog
13187	And the funniest part, the two statues said they were donated by New Zealand.	joy	blog
13188	next time you're in Wellington, watch out for the Kiwi Commies.	fear	blog
13189	Now I have a confession to make: before the World Cup began I had actually never seen an entire soccer game from start to finish.	noemotion	blog
13190	The hordes of people would change from day to day, for instance there was a three day period where we had over 90,000 Swedes in the city, leading up to their dramatic defeat at the hands of Zeh Germans.	noemotion	blog
13191	Then there were the Brazilians, everywhere, singing-clapping-dancing-taking pictures, and of course the pale and pasty Brits with their cock-eyed stares and drinking songs.	joy	blog
13192	I didn't have tickets to any of the games, but my group of friends would always go to a cafe or bar of the nationality that was playing to watch the match.	noemotion	blog
13193	So to a French cafe for the France-Swiss game, a Tapas bar when Spain played, drank Caiprinhas with the passionate Brazilians, etc. It was a colorful and hilarious way to take part without fighting the crowds.	joy	blog
13194	And let me tell you how good the World Cup was for Berlin as a city, and Germany as a nation.	joy	blog
13195	Another interesting element was the latent patriotism that emerged during the Cup.	noemotion	blog
13196	Now this merits explaining: before the World Cup began, if you waved a German flag in the streets, you would probably be called a Nazi and at the very least labeled as a radical right wing nutter.	fear	blog
13197	You have to understand that the Germans have had a really difficult time with their national identity and subsequently national pride or patriotism of any kind since the Second World War.	sadness	blog
13198	And for what it's worth I agree with them, it makes me nervous too.	fear	blog
13199	People were genuinely excited about supporting their national team, and taking pride in its accomplishments.	joy	blog
13200	Now this newfound enthusiasm certainly was not shared by everyone.	noemotion	blog
13201	In fact the entire month of June was one continuous debate in the media between prominent politicians, celebrities, writers such as Guenther Grass and Christa Wolf, and other intellectuals about the meaning, origin and impact of this nationalism.	noemotion	blog
13202	And of course no one can laboriously dissect an idea better than the Germans.	noemotion	blog
13203	But the general consensus after five weeks of debate was that the newfound national pride was a positive thing.	joy	blog
13204	In June I had also been training at work to lead tours of Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp, which I started at the end of the month.	noemotion	blog
13205	This camp, about 40 miles north of Berlin was the second major camp to be opened in the Nazi system, and was also used by the Russians after the war to intern former Nazi's and anyone else deemed an 'enemy of the state'.	noemotion	blog
13206	Given the dark history of such a place you can well imagine the difficulty of retelling that information, and trying to put it into some kind of historical context.	noemotion	blog
13207	After a July of beautiful weather and great summer adventures, I traveled with my good Australian friend Kurt to a theater festival in Cyprus.	joy	blog
13208	The occasion was that a good friend of mine from North Texas, Jessica, was playing the title role in Medea at a theater festival there.	noemotion	blog
13209	I was planning on going to Greece sometime anyway, so we spent three days in Athens, and two and a half in Cyprus.	joy	blog
13210	The city is a sweaty, dirty, polluted hole.	disgust	blog
13211	Take your impression of a squalor-filled Mediterranean capital, and add this to your image: 10 story apartment buildings everywhere, in 100 degree heat, all cooled by wall-mounted air conditioners, a.k.a. swamp boxes.	disgust	blog
13212	Now take into account that said air conditioners are mounted on the windows, sticking out over the street.	noemotion	blog
13213	Now imagine the condensation from thousands of swamp box coolers pitter pattering on your head as you stroll down the trashy Athens streets.	disgust	blog
13214	And the city itself really is lovely, in it's own way.	joy	blog
13215	We took a day trip out to Sunion, the very tip of Greece, to see the temple of Poseidon.	noemotion	blog
13216	It took us about two hours to get out there, and then we climbed around and played on the rocks for about an hour, taking pics of the magnificent old temple ruin that is literally clinging to the cliff face.	joy	blog
13217	And then we watched in amazement with fifty other tourists as the sun went down in front of the temple, over the Mediterranean.	joy	blog
13218	The sky is so amazing in Greece, it feels like you could really reach up and touch it, it's so close.	surprise	blog
13219	And of course this just enhanced the magic of the sunset, as the red orb of  the sun ever so slowly retreated behind the furthest hill.	joy	blog
13220	We saw Jessica's production of Medea, and were treated incredibly well by her colleagues at the festival.	joy	blog
13221	We stayed in a tiny mountain village called Droushia, and these people brought hospitality to incredible new heights.	joy	blog
13222	They did everything they could to make us feel welcome, everything from putting us up in a beautiful hotel, refusing to let us pay for anything, and making sure that our stay on their island was as enchanting as the stories always make it out to be.	joy	blog
13223	We spent pretty much the whole day outside of a decadent lunch at the beach house in the water.	joy	blog
13224	Tomorrow we'll go somewhere special.	anticipation	blog
13225	The next morning, the last day of the festival, they piled us all into four wheel drive vehicles, and took us off the map to an area that I will henceforth be labeling The Blue Lagoon.	joy	blog
13226	Imagine the most incredible, horseshoe shaped cove, with unimaginably blue water, and a giant stone underneath the water, hundreds of meters long and wide, adding depth to the color.	joy	blog
13227	Our hosts had brought along a lunch of fresh fruit and we broke our fast on a cliff overlooking the whole gorgeous expanse.	joy	blog
13228	It was really interesting staying with them in this little mountain village, and getting to experience a bit of what their culture was all about.	joy	blog
13229	They make their own very strong coffee, and Haloumi cheese, which we were told a hundred different times by all the little old ladies was goat cheese.	joy	blog
13230	Don't ever mistake Haloumi for Feta, or you might have a flock of barely intelligible Cypriot grammas spend half an hour pinching your cheek and explaining the difference in broken Greco-English.	surprise	blog
13231	Its really a testament to the vision of the ancients that in our world of skyscrapers and technical gadgetry, we are still fascinated by a two thousand year-old arrangement of stones.	other	blog
13232	After returning from Greece my last few weeks in Berlin passed very quickly.	noemotion	blog
13233	I was leading loads of tours, and working on a short film I was directing.	noemotion	blog
13234	The time flew by and before I knew it, August was at an end and my doorstep was graced by my best friend Lance, who had come to Berlin for my last week.	surprise	blog
13235	So I spent the next six days in a haze of working my final tours, partying, and showing Lance the city that I had come to love so much over the last two years.	joy	blog
13236	Lance and I spent the better part of the next three days lounging around Zurich and drinking in Switzerland.	noemotion	blog
13237	We went on a walking tour, went to the City Museum located in an old castle, very cool, and had a good time relaxing and enjoying the AMAZING views.	joy	blog
13238	The city is incredibly beautiful, tucked into the Alps and right on the water.	joy	blog
13239	I think the most important thing I can say about this city, is that all of the rumors: That the city's dirty, the people are rude, the language barrier is insurmountable, the metro is incomprehensible, you things will be stolen, that they hate Americans.	anger	blog
13240	It's called the city of love and light for a reason.	joy	blog
13241	The Eiffel Tower is breathtaking, and seeing it in person destroys its cliche and makes you fall in love with the thing.	joy	blog
13242	We encountered so many genuinely wonderful, helpful, content people.	joy	blog
13243	Everything from trying to order a baguette in the morning my Francais is tres terrible to asking directions or talking to cabbies, we were always pleasantly surprised at how open and welcoming they were.	surprise	blog
13244	They know how beautiful it is, and they appreciate it.	joy	blog
13245	And man, it is gorgeous.	joy	blog
13246	There was a fabulous sense of community there.	joy	blog
13247	My favorite part about the city parks were the 'nap chairs'.	joy	blog
13248	We noticed that about half of the chairs were slanted at a 45 degree angle.	noemotion	blog
13249	I thought: that's strange, what's that about.	surprise	blog
13250	We found out when we headed over to two of these chairs that were situated in the shade, and plopped down.	noemotion	blog
13251	They were perfect for taking a catnap.	joy	blog
13252	We looked around and noticed that there were lots of people all over the park, in the municipal nap chairs, taking a snooze.	noemotion	blog
13253	What other city would use tax payer dollars to provide napping chairs in a public park.	disgust	blog
13254	We went to Versailles, we went to Notre Dame, and on a fabulous bike tour.	joy	blog
13255	The most interesting thing we learned on the bike tour was that when the revolutionaries stormed the Bastille, there were only 7 prisoners left in it.	surprise	blog
13256	6 were petty thieves and the seventh was a boy whose father had sent him there for a few weeks as  disciplinary measure.	noemotion	blog
13257	Montmartre, the old bohemian artist district, five minutes from the Sacre Coeur Cathedral.	noemotion	blog
13258	Every night after dinner we'd climb the hill to the cathedral and sit on the steps.	joy	blog
13259	The Cathedral is the highest point in Paris, and from its northerly vantage point, you have the entire city spread out at your feet.	noemotion	blog
13260	On the steps there was always sort of an impromptu party with musicians and performers and other city-watchers gathering with a bottle of wine and a merry spirit.	joy	blog
13261	Those evenings on the steps are some of my favorite memories from Paris.	joy	blog
13262	Upon arrival back in the states, we changed clothes and went directly to a Counting Crows concert, which was my birthday present from Lance.	joy	blog
13263	What an incredible end to an incredible journey.	joy	blog
13264	It took me to 11 different countries and incalculable new experiences.	joy	blog
13265	I've returned ready for a fresh start, collecting new experiences on this side of the pond.	anticipation	blog
13266	I was also lucky enough to be hired to direct a show for Frenship high school, which went up last Sunday.	joy	blog
13267	It was a Commedia dell'Arte piece titled The Red Hat, and went extremely well.	joy	blog
13268	It was a nice way for me to get to stretch those theater muscles and earn a little something at the same time.	joy	blog
13269	And though my European adventure is over for the moment my American one starts tomorrow.	anticipation	blog
13270	I'm moving to Chicago Sunday morning, in the hopes of getting started there as an director and performer.	anticipation	blog
13271	I'm excited about the move, and the opportunities and challenges that await me there.	anticipation	blog
13272	I hope all of you are well; that you have made it through the summer, and are excited about the upcoming rapidly approaching holiday season.	anticipation	blog
13273	I wish you all a fabulous week, and a warm and safe start to the wintry season.	joy	blog
13274	But math just sucks, and I've accepted that.	disgust	blog
13275	Some of my teachers seem quite amazing, and others I know for a fact to be amazing.	joy	blog
13276	So, all-in-all, pretty good, right.	joy	blog
13277	Honestly, while I was dating the child, I barely saw him in school.	noemotion	blog
13278	Now, I see him all the time, and I'm pretty sure he'll be right outside the door my photography room after class every day for the rest of this trimester.	noemotion	blog
13279	Unless Brandon and Meg break up, that is.  Which is unlikely, so I shouldn't even hope on that one.	anticipation	blog
13280	I also found out that Junior year, will, in fact, be a bitch.	disgust	blog
13281	I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.	noemotion	blog
13282	AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do academically, anyway.	anticipation	blog
13283	You can handle high school drama. Also, I have so many friends, and all of them are true, caring, trustworthy friends who love me and are supporting me 100%.	trust	blog
13284	I can come through this year triumphantly and with grace.	joy	blog
13285	This is the year where everything happens.	anticipation	blog
13286	I also found out that Junior year, will, in fact, be a bitch.	fear	blog
13287	I have recieved homework in four of my seven classes.	noemotion	blog
13288	AP World is going to be the hardest thing I'll ever do academically, anyway.	anticipation	blog
13289	You can deal with this, Nyssa.	trust	blog
13290	I can come through this year triumphantly and with grace.	joy	blog
13291	This is the year where everything happens.	anticipation	blog
13292	This is my year to try new things and to succeed.	anticipation	blog
13293	This is my first year of loving myself.	joy	blog
13294	I look forward to learning and discovering even more of who I am, and loving every inch of it.	anticipation	blog
13295	I cannot believe the nerve of this man. God.	anger	blog
13296	I think I'd really like to talk to you right now.	anticipation	blog
13297	at least they punched holes in it that is my BIO lab course book.	noemotion	blog
13298	What's even worse, it's copied so poorly that the last half inch of text on the far right side of the page is cut off, so as I try to read in preparation for the lab tomorrow I'm trying to coherently complete sentences and make sense of it all, which is often impossible because so much is left out.	disgust	blog
13299	AND we're required to have this new kind of remote control clicker which none of the libraries have for free check out, so I have to pay $20 +$12.50 activation fee for something that doesn't work consistently, eats batteries, and will provide me with 3 and a half months of use.	anger	blog
13300	That's like, four or five or more meals.	noemotion	blog
13301	Can you tell I buy books with my own money.	noemotion	blog
13302	They pay room and board, and tuition and that's it.	noemotion	blog
13303	Which is the bulk of my expenses, but I'm paying for my food outside of campus meal plan food, and my books, and whatever else I need.	noemotion	blog
13304	I am in such a bad mood and I'm playing the blame game in my head, getting angry at people for things that are really quite trivial.	anger	blog
13305	I forgot how demeaning BME classes are.	anger	blog
13306	Dr. Roy, my prof for BME 314 expects us to have taken an Anatomy/Physiology class at some point in our lives.	anticipation	blog
13307	He was asking all these questions that I was completely baffled by and people were just spouting answers.	surprise	blog
13308	Sometimes I wonder how in the world I made it in, and every day I wonder how I'm going to make it through.	fear	blog
13309	Matt and I decided that BME really isn't a good undergrad major, there's a reason it's generally proposed as a Master's degree.	noemotion	blog
13310	I mean, we already need 133 ish hours to graduate which, for you non college people, is about 8-10 more than any engineering major and more than that more for a non engineering major.	anger	blog
13311	In addition to that, we keep encountering classes where the professor expects you to have taken general classes that you haven't the anatomy/physiology is one, and thermodynamics is another one that Matt is having a problem with.	surprise	blog
13312	I need to find a good time/place where I can go pray and unwind.	anticipation	blog
13313	I don't feel like I ever have that kind of privacy where I can talk to God and cry and figure things out.	sadness	blog
13314	I always tear up in church too, for different reasons.	sadness	blog
13315	I love the way God brings people together.	joy	blog
13316	Ok. I'm feeling somewhat better now.	joy	blog
13317	Girls, I highly reccomend In Her Shoes, especially if you have a sister I'm enjoying it immensely and it has effectively distracted from my schoolwork almost all day.	joy	blog
13318	I think I spent the better part of two hours reading today.	noemotion	blog
13319	I learned that the Life Sciences library in the main building has exceedingly comfortable couches Anyhoo.	noemotion	blog
13320	Two harmless classes tomorrow and then that lovely 4 hour biology lab that I'm dreading.	fear	blog
13321	Right now, I'm sitting on a back deck overlooking a moderately busy street, smoking a cheap cigar, listening to music, letting its vibrations move my cogitations to.	joy	blog
13322	These small indicators remind me that, in the Silvia Plath sense of the concept, I'm dying.	sadness	blog
13323	Someday I will be no more than slime coating the expensive, cushiony, velvety inside of a coffin.	sadness	blog
13324	The rickety deck I'm sitting on could fall, I could catch a stray bullet to the noggin on my way to my car in the parking lot, I could be nailed by a drunk, inattentive, careless, or simply unfortunate driver on the way home.	fear	blog
13325	These are all unlikely, but they happen.	surprise	blog
13326	My mortality is nothing new, but I constantly have to ponder what I desire to take, achieve, or feel in this life.	anticipation	blog
13327	Should I strive to be in someone's history book as the dude that invented.	noemotion	blog
13328	or do I simply want to live an average American life and be remembered under a large stone in a well kept cemetery, forgotten after my immediate reletaves, children, and grand children.	anticipation	blog
13329	Or should I sink my money into trying to acquire more and live in a Parade of Homes house with yuppie vehicles in the front, a Mastercraft boat with a huge ski rack, the list can go on and on.	anticipation	blog
13330	What happens when I die.	anticipation	blog
13331	Should I start devoting myself to God, if there is such a being, in hopes of making it to Heaven.	anticipation	blog
13332	There would be a constant trepedation that there is no gold at the end of that rainbow.	fear	blog
13333	No wonder past writers were able to produce their amazing feats of feeling and thought.	joy	blog
13334	My thoughts at the moment are somewhat melancholy, but can be completely forgotten at the push of a button mounted to an  Xbox, Dvd player, or VCR.	sadness	blog
13335	For the laziness in me, I feel compelled to fold my laptop, plug it in, and simply watch, but this whole trainwreck, a malformed offspring of a feeble mind, has to come to an end somehow.	disgust	blog
13336	The first words that come to mind are in closing or to conclude, and then I quickly write a summary of what I just finished writing.	noemotion	blog
13337	Maybe I should stop in mid sentence, just to.	noemotion	blog
13338	I am now the proud father of Daisy Alexandria Davolls.	joy	blog
13339	Its all official, we sorted it out at the civic centre on Friday.	joy	blog
13340	I now have a sweet little thing, that totally depends on her mum and me to do whats best.	joy	blog
13341	I have the foresight of Supernanny and Honey we're killing the kids etc to thank as well as my own morals and my parents and peers too.	joy	blog
13342	Its a funny old game life, but I think I am one step closer to understanding its purpose and meaning now.	anticipation	blog
13343	I had a long hard look at my life over the last 14 days, and to be honest I wept.	sadness	blog
13344	I wept for all the mistakes I made where I put my feelings before the feelings of others.	sadness	blog
13345	I wept for all the times I said f*ck you instead of thank you.	sadness	blog
13346	I still have a couple of vices, strong coffee and noodles, but have quit smoking, havent drunk for a couple of weeks and am feeling better about life.	joy	blog
13347	My job is going really well, and I am getting a kick out of both going to work and coming home.	joy	blog
13348	The pessimist in me awaits the phone call from the police or hospital or nuclear plant etc telling me the worst, crushing my hopes of a better tomorrow.	fear	blog
13349	We are all essentially the same person.	trust	blog
13350	other then physical attributes - what really makes us so different from one another.	noemotion	blog
13351	we both have the same tools a brain so why can't I come up with a grad theory of relativity.	sadness	blog
13352	The brain is an amazing tool and can be sculpted for any purpose.	joy	blog
13353	I believe all brains start out with the same potential and the way they are grown and shaped determined how they operate on default for the rest of your life unless you do something about it.	anticipation	blog
13354	Have you ever met anyone without a fully developed brain.	noemotion	blog
13355	Listlessly they scratch at there head and the chains of thought don't delve to deep.	disgust	blog
13356	Do they know how lucky they are - to find contentment without looking.	joy	blog
13357	more often you find things to bring you down or worry about.	sadness	blog
13358	A single lightning bolt from the sky can make a lifetime of panic and worry all worthless.	fear	blog
13359	I think it is very easy to understand people once you realize that all people carry all the same personalities - just expressed to different proportions and degrees.	noemotion	blog
13360	True wisdom is growing your brain in all directions.	noemotion	blog
13361	Life is finding the balance between compulsion and carelessness.	noemotion	blog
13362	I am not saying I am anything other then happy - but I strive for a balance.	noemotion	blog
13363	the perfect combination of all attributes.	joy	blog
13364	of a person or state of mind having no emotion lacking or too strong; stable : a balanced personality.	noemotion	blog
13365	Happiness comes from within - your brain is a self regulating chemical factory.	joy	blog
13366	but when you try to become your own mental chemist - ingesting chemicals to alter your feelings - you screw up the balance.	noemotion	blog
13367	The testes stop producing testosterone because it senses there is already too much testosterone in the system.	noemotion	blog
13368	as a result - the balls shrink up and shut down.	noemotion	blog
13369	The body is lazy - if you provide something for it - it stops providing for itself.	disgust	blog
13370	For example - the more you use chapstick - the less your lips produce their own moisture - making you further dependent on chapstick.	noemotion	blog
13371	Happiness lies within - the only way to be truly happy is to create it yourself and not rely on other people or things.	noemotion	blog
13372	the Happiness they bring is only temporary.	sadness	blog
13373	Yet often that temporary happiness is more intense then a balanced contentment.	noemotion	blog
13374	It is however usually accompanied by and equal sadness - it is life's way of balancing itself out in the endless pendulum swing of life.	sadness	blog
13375	So, this morning I get a phone call from my sister.	surprise	blog
13376	First she is all mad because I haven't called her back in a week.	sadness	blog
13377	Second of all she is laughing hysterically because she had to put her dog on doggie drugs because the dog learned how to open the window to get out and seems to be jewish because she likes the temple down the road.	joy	blog
13378	Third she starts asking why I have only posted pics, so my dear sister, this is for you.	trust	blog
13379	She wouldn;t come down today so instead of being bored out of my mind I went antiquing.	noemotion	blog
13380	I figure I have a couple extra bucks so I budget a certain amount.	noemotion	blog
13381	Ok, I spent 4 times what I budgeted, but I wanted that desk.	joy	blog
13382	I was dragged away, it will be there tomorrow and I can go back alone.	noemotion	blog
13383	She didn;t give the dealer a chance to correct the problem, she paid a astronomical amount for new tires without telling the dealer and expected the dealer to reimburse her the full amount.	disgust	blog
13384	I called the mechanic and inquired about it.	anticipation	blog
13385	On that car, it won't affect alignment.	noemotion	blog
13386	She started questioning my credentials because she drives a school bus for a living and knows what a safe vehicle is. Bitch.	disgust	blog
13387	I have twice the work experience required for the job and I have alot more schooling than is required.	anticipation	blog
13388	So when she writes her letter to the Commissioner and the director of vehicle safety reads my report, he will understand why I appear not to take her side.	noemotion	blog
13389	They saw what I meant when they started eating it.	noemotion	blog
13390	Killin me he is. He's a great guy and I want to marry him for his kitchen, he liked that one, hahaha.	joy	blog
13391	Well, what can I say, he has a great kitchen, and the best cooking stuff, he doesn't even cook.	surprise	blog
13392	He's a great guy and I think the world of him.	joy	blog
13393	I had Stars Don't Shine stuck in my head earlier, and started singing it aloud to try and figure out what song it was, until I realized, too late, that it was Paris Hilton.	noemotion	blog
13394	Our emotions are a gift from God.	joy	blog
13395	But in order to recieve the blessing we must first realize that our emotions are always connected to a need being met or unmet.	trust	blog
13396	By listening to our emotions and asking ourselves why we are feeling a particular emotion we can discover an unmet need or a need that has been satisfied.	noemotion	blog
13397	For instance, if I feel sad because I have not seen my family in a long time my need for connection has not been met.	sadness	blog
13398	On the otherhand, if I feel happy because I have spent time with my family then my need for connection has been met.	joy	blog
13399	How many times have we felt angry and as a result insulted, judged, criticized, blamed or physically hurt someone.	anger	blog
13400	We live in a society that has encourages us to stuff our emotions and a society that is by the most part feelings illiterate.	disgust	blog
13401	Well, for starters become aware of what we are feeling.	disgust	blog
13402	Once we put our finger on the emotion we are feeling we can then go on to vocalize it.	anticipation	blog
13403	Marshall Rosenberg, author of Nonviolent Communication, has a four-step process for communication that incorporates identifying our feelings and needs into the model.	anticipation	blog
13404	Part of that model involves asking the question, I am feeling because I am needing.	sadness	blog
13405	Rosenberg also calls this four step process giraffe language.	noemotion	blog
13406	The heart is about 3 feet long and 3 inches thick all around.	surprise	blog
13407	The idea is that Nonviolent communication, which focuses on feelings and needs is the language of the heart because it focuses on what is alive in the heart.	anticipation	blog
13408	By stating our feelings and needs to others we avoid blaming and criticizing them.	trust	blog
13409	We can then go on to making a request instead of a demand to help ourselves satisfy our now recognized need.	anticipation	blog
13410	When others are angry or upset with us we can also use this technique on them.	noemotion	blog
13411	We can ask them, Are you feeling because you are needing.	noemotion	blog
13412	If we are not correct they will correct us and we will be closer to identifying the need they have and finding a way to resolve the situation.	trust	blog
13413	By satisfying our needs and the needs of others we can reach a fair negotiation.	joy	blog
13414	We can make a list of these feelings and be on the look out for them.	noemotion	blog
13415	It may be that we need to take a timeout when we feel these feelings to avoid a conflict.	fear	blog
13416	For instance, if we feel furious it may be better to take a one hour timeout and calm down.	anger	blog
13417	Then when we are calm, focus on sharing our feelings and needs with others.	noemotion	blog
13418	Many times in the past we have reacted like a lion when we feel angry or frustrated with others or ourselves.	noemotion	blog
13419	Taking time to focus on our feelings and needs helps us not let the lion out and speak from the heart that language of the giraffe with ourselves and others.	joy	blog
13420	Had one hell of a good vanila milkshake at Hard Rock Cafe, lets just say it was a 'satisfying' moment.	joy	blog
13421	Rome was fun with my best friend hanz, we managed to run out of money by the end and had mcDs for dinner at Florence.	joy	blog
13422	Yoga at Ibiza was AWESOME, didn't want to leave.	joy	blog
13423	It was sun, beach, tan, great veg.	joy	blog
13424	meals, beautiful sunset, and I manage to pull off the yoga glow by the end of it.	joy	blog
13425	Felt sick eating crappy canteen food, but now back into the bad diet of coffee, shift work, and eating Shwaba on edgware rd.	disgust	blog
13426	Sis was coming for a visit in Nov, mom and dad decided to come along, so now abit stress booking hotels and restaurants, will be depressed when they all leave.	anticipation	blog
13427	Help out with a conference at Bouremouth, with the Conservative party, had the 'privelage' of taking of THe Mr. Cameron and his whole entourage.	disgust	blog
13428	going on training next week can't wait to get pissed with all the graduates.	anticipation	blog
13429	Sorry for the rather crappy update, will try to do a proper one later.	disgust	blog
13430	might be going to hskp as assistance exec hskper it will be a 9-5, occational weekends really hope they pick me, i had enough of guest these days.	anticipation	blog
13431	don't know what the point in that title is for but neh >> I've been sick today and on the verge of tears._.; I don't know why.	sadness	blog
13432	I talked to Misha earlier on MSN for the first time since I added her and yeah, it was fun I guess.	joy	blog
13433	I called Dad a few minutes ago on my cell and they were at her house so I guess she was out of the hospital.	joy	blog
13434	I need to clean my room up but I don't feel up to it.	sadness	blog
13435	I don't know why, I'm just drained of energy and want to cry constantly and for somereason I don't know why.	sadness	blog
13436	I don't know what happened to my happiness, I woke up feeling down and miserable and infact it's worse.	sadness	blog
13437	I'm losing enjoyment out of things I love to do and thats never a good sign.	sadness	blog
13438	I don't even feel like doing anything right now and I'm having force myself to update this journal.	sadness	blog
13439	The conversation was funny, I mentioned that if the word got out about our plans we'd have to escape the earth to avoid the police, HOLY/HOLD, the military and etc and yeah super hilarious J.C. suggested she could try and make a ship but then I suggested we could sneak into NASA and steal a rocket.	joy	blog
13440	it was hilarious.	joy	blog
13441	But not something to be taken literally, we're just insane girls.	joy	blog
13442	I'm chatting with someone on Gaia, they seem to have a lot in common with me n.n it's fun.	joy	blog
13443	I need something better to do, I'm just loafing around on Gaia like I always do.	disgust	blog
13444	I can live with that, I wish I had something to do though._.; I feel lonely.	sadness	blog
13445	I probably won't take a shower until my parents get back.	noemotion	blog
13446	I dunno what else to say though except it's shocking that I'm updating early.	surprise	blog
13447	Other than that I also got a extension from my affiliate to get the fanlisiting I adopted up since the server move and etc. Meh, I miss Cassy.	sadness	blog
13448	Theres nothing left to say so this is the end of my journal entry.	noemotion	blog
13449	It's yet another white man insensitivity subject that even has socialists and revolutionaries saying 'hey, hold on a second!'.	disgust	blog
13450	Yes, the veils that many Muslim women around the world traditionally wear.	noemotion	blog
13451	I'm not going to get into the wrongs and rights, just to give a bit of perspective.	noemotion	blog
13452	I see the words veil and headscarf being used by white Europeans in many contradictory contexts.	noemotion	blog
13453	Hijab is a headscarf that covers the hair and usually wraps around the neck.	noemotion	blog
13454	The veil is often interpreted as being the ninja outfit, where womens heads are completely covered so as to see only the eyes, or in some cases nothing at all.	noemotion	blog
13455	For clarification the difference should be noted.	noemotion	blog
13456	And it is believed that women should practice modesty both for themselves but to keep the gazing eyes of man down.	noemotion	blog
13457	The veil that covers the entire face is called the nikab.	noemotion	blog
13458	Islam requires women to be modest, henceforth many of them wear the hijab, or headscarf.	noemotion	blog
13459	The nikab, or taliban style cover, is not an Islamic practice.	anger	blog
13460	A Fatwa, or Islamic legal pronouncement makes it clear that women are not obliged to wear nikab - but rather this is a cultural issue within more conservative or radical interpretations of Islam just like the west has some Christian right wackies.	disgust	blog
13461	It most certainly raised even more anti-Muslim sentiment but also more anti-French sentiment even amongst it own non-Christian communities.	noemotion	blog
13462	Whether the French will ever admit it or not, they have a serious racism problem - and its aimed mainly at Muslims and Africans.	disgust	blog
13463	The Germans have passed similar laws, much to the dismay of its large Turkish-Muslim population.	disgust	blog
13464	The Brits, famous for their true melting pot status amongst the Europeans, have began treading in this murky water.	disgust	blog
13465	Jack Straw is calling for a ban of veils, or nikabs, in the UK.	noemotion	blog
13466	The well integrated, but edgy Muslim community is not so happy about this.	sadness	blog
13467	And I'm afraid it could get ugly.	fear	blog
13468	He clearly stated that he feels the veils should go -- but that it should be over a period of time and from within the Muslim community.	noemotion	blog
13469	It shouldn't, he added, be decided by a group of old white male politicians.	disgust	blog
13470	Not to mention that many Muslim women scholars are saying women should thank Jack Straw for this.	joy	blog
13471	What i do know is that there are many, many woman who absolutely voluntarily and willingly cover themselves with a headscarf for religious purposes.	noemotion	blog
13472	Most of the European peasantry covered themselves with a headscarf just a hundred years ago and can still be found in christian villages throughout eastern and southern europe.	noemotion	blog
13473	It is also true that many Muslim cultures in the world 'oblige' their women to wear the veil.	disgust	blog
13474	France says no head scarves, no nothing -- look like a sexy french school girl with your belly button hanging out.	noemotion	blog
13475	The Brits haven't ventured that far, they accept the head scarf, but oppose the ninja turtle look.	disgust	blog
13476	In its bid to become a secular society -- and to integrate into the unwelcoming arms of the European Union, it has forbidden even the nikab and in some places even the hijab in public schools and universities.	disgust	blog
13477	Sarajevo now has a large female Turkish population coming to study here so they can wear what they wish.	joy	blog
13478	It is Europe's largest 'indigenous' Muslim population, all of whom are white Europeans and embrace European principles.	noemotion	blog
13479	Bosnian Islam is very secular, and indeed seen by most European leaders as a model example of the type of Islam they want being taught in their increasing number of mosques and madressa's within the EU.	noemotion	blog
13480	The question of hijab and nikabs hasn't come up yet here in Bosnia.	noemotion	blog
13481	The progressive west is certainly faltering when it comes to questions of its growing Muslim populations and addressing the cultural and religious difference between east and west.	noemotion	blog
13482	The Muslims too have yet to seriously address the fears and concerns of 'indigenous' white westerners - who have opened their doors from some of the worlds worst economically and socially oppressed societies.	noemotion	blog
13483	The west must do more to grasp the concepts of Islam - and understand the vast cultural differences even with the large and diverse Muslim community, which covers three continents.	noemotion	blog
13484	Muslims too need to understand the fears and concerns of secular westerners who now have to deal with strict Islamic rules within their own communities.	noemotion	blog
13485	If western women can run around half naked, can eastern women completely cover themselves.	noemotion	blog
13486	Brother to brother, face to face, let's unite the human race.	noemotion	blog
13487	I'm EXTREMELY sad to say that it looks as though The Skyline Obscura will be on an indefinate hiatus as of this past Thursday.	sadness	blog
13488	Essentially, Christian is toggling with what direction, musically, he wants to pursue whether that be skyline or not, whereas in light of the confustion, I Mike have decided to leave the project.	other	blog
13489	It was not on any bad terms, and to be honest, I don't know if there still is a Skyline to speak of, but as those of you who know US know that I'm pretty focused and content with where I am heading, and I've definately got my own timetable in which I plan to do it.	anticipation	blog
13490	With that, some of the new songs that never were will be posted shortly for those of you who want to hear it.	noemotion	blog
13491	Sorry for the letdown, and I can't speak for everyone else, but I'd rather have this happen now than later.	sadness	blog
13492	Feel free to contact any of us individually about this if you feel so compelled as nobody's really going to be monitoring this site any more.	noemotion	blog
13493	You'll all receive notices of any Skyline updates and/or updates of new projects involving anyone from TSO past or pseudo-present.	noemotion	blog
13494	The one bad thing is that she got news this morning that her 21 y/o kitty, Aunt Becky, passed away last night.	sadness	blog
13495	She knew the kitty was not doing well she hasn't been for a while now, but kept rallying, so it wasn't a shock at all, but still sad.	sadness	blog
13496	She had been looking at having to have her PTS before she leaves for Africa, but I guess Aunt Becky had other ideas.	anticipation	blog
13497	I think Aunt Becky was waiting for my MIL to leave yesterday for her trip here.	noemotion	blog
13498	Aunt Becky was sent over the bridge in a traditional Anishinaabe Ojibwe/Chippewa ceremony.	noemotion	blog
13499	Aagii, my MIL's neighbor, is of the Bear Clan and is very traditional in her ways.	noemotion	blog
13500	She wrapped Aunt Becky in ceremonial cloth with 4 different herbs and buried her down by the creek that runs behind their homes in Topanga Canyon.	noemotion	blog
13501	My SIL and niece came over yesterday afternoon to collect our great-nephew, Brandon.	joy	blog
13502	He wanted B to stay at least for today so that he had a day off to play with him.	anticipation	blog
13503	They still are not sure what is going on with the transplanted kidney as it appears to be peeling like an onion, but his potassium and sugar and such are leveling out and he is feeling better.	anticipation	blog
13504	So last week was the Thanksgiving long weekend and it was sooo sweeeet.	joy	blog
13505	My sister came back from university and it was surprisingly nice to spend time with her again.	surprise	blog
13506	Anyways, on Monday I got to see some of my favourite people and that was really fun as well happy Go Augustine Inc..	joy	blog
13507	And I believe that God gave me this amazing opportunity for a specific reason and there's no way I'm turning it down.	joy	blog
13508	Please just pray for me and the trip and the other people who are going I'm not sure who yet so I shall keep it on the DL.	anticipation	blog
13509	I just feel like we're all getting caught in the whirlpool of life laughing what a funny term and I just wanted to urge you guys to not forget about checking up on each other.	trust	blog
13510	Besides from that random addition by my kooky self I hope you know what I'm trying to get at, because I know for me, that's how it is. I need you guys to help me through.	trust	blog
13511	First of all, I would like to say that I am proud of myself.	joy	blog
13512	What I completed in one day today, was not possible to me last week.	joy	blog
13513	Today, I can say I actually taught for all three of my periods.	joy	blog
13514	I walked into my first period only to find a sub.	surprise	blog
13515	I decided then and there that I would take advantage of the situation and teach the class.	anticipation	blog
13516	I figured I knew the material more than he did, and more importantly I knew the students and how the class should run.	surprise	blog
13517	I had them write in their journals for a few minutes, then proceeded to facilitate the day's assignments.	noemotion	blog
13518	This was a very short reading so I gave the class an assignment to go along with the reading.	noemotion	blog
13519	They had the remainder of the class to complete the assignment while I went around to monitor their work and answer questions.	noemotion	blog
13520	The period ran smoothly under my direction most suprisingly to me. I actually liked being thrown into the situation without having prior knowledge.	joy	blog
13521	On the other hand, I did know that today I was to teach a full period lesson to my freshmen for periods 3 6.	noemotion	blog
13522	For today's lesson I taught them how to determine the mood in a piece of literature based on the definition, an example, and a story out of their literature books.	noemotion	blog
13523	I began my lesson by explaining what the term mood meant.	noemotion	blog
13524	I explained to them that the mood of the story could be determined based on the word choice used by the author.	noemotion	blog
13525	To give them a better understanding of how mood works, I presented them with a paragraph that I wrote on the overhead.	noemotion	blog
13526	I had them follow along as I read out loud.	noemotion	blog
13527	After I was done reading my paragraph, I had the students tell me what was the mood I had created.	noemotion	blog
13528	Almost everyone participated, and for every type of mood they came up with, I had them point out places in the paragraph that helped them to determine the mood.	noemotion	blog
13529	I read the first paragraph, then I drew names out of my little tin container to complete the reading.	noemotion	blog
13530	After certain spots, I would have them go over plot summary just to make sure they were following along.	noemotion	blog
13531	I had them answer a question along the lines of, how would the mood of the story have been different if Soto wrote this as a child.	noemotion	blog
13532	They answered on their papers, then shared out as a class.	noemotion	blog
13533	This completed my very first lesson for periods 3 6.	noemotion	blog
13534	Wow, I hardly ever have plans.	surprise	blog
13535	I went to the OVAC volleyball tournament this morning, and was gone almost all day, and I'm going skating with one of my friends tonight.	noemotion	blog
13536	Got to go out for breakfast with the team, even though I'm not a member.	joy	blog
13537	The libero is a defensive specialist and I have to keep track of who she goes in and out for.	noemotion	blog
13538	And the parents' club decided to pay for our breakfasts, so I got a free buffet.	joy	blog
13539	I tried to pay her back, but she wouldn't let me. So I got a free spiffin' sweet green tie-dyed OVAC shirt, too.	joy	blog
13540	I was gonna call my best friend and see if she wanted to go, but she wasn't there.	noemotion	blog
13541	We always try to get her to come, but it doesn't work.	sadness	blog
13542	We'll just have to drag her down to the rink one of these days, laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13543	I always fall on my ass every five minutes, though.	sadness	blog
13544	I outgrew my skates, and I don't like renting.	sadness	blog
13545	Plus, I've heard blades are easier than four-wheels and I can use all the help I can get.	anticipation	blog
13546	Like, most definetely on my top favorite authors list.	joy	blog
13547	In fact, there's only about three authors whose books I will buy, no matter the storyline.	trust	blog
13548	I love making up stories, retelling stories, and writing down everything.	joy	blog
13549	the thing is.  my work isn't spectacular.	disgust	blog
13550	And after reading Stephenie's story about how real her characters are.	noemotion	blog
13551	mine pretty much are bland.	noemotion	blog
13552	The story leads me, not the people who grace the page.	noemotion	blog
13553	What they like to eat, what music they like, etc. And I don't.	noemotion	blog
13554	Well, I know that a lot of my LJ friends are writers, too.	noemotion	blog
13555	Well, any advice on writing would be appreciated.	noemotion	blog
13556	You actually enjoy driving around rotaries.	surprise	blog
13557	You know how to pronounce the names of towns like Worcester, Billerica, Haverhill, Barre and Cotuit.	noemotion	blog
13558	You have driven to New Hampshire on a Sunday in order to get beer.	noemotion	blog
13559	You know that there are two Bulger brothers, and that they're both crooks.	disgust	blog
13560	You know at least one bar where you can get something to drink after last call.	joy	blog
13561	Evacuation Day is a recognized holiday.	noemotion	blog
13562	You think the rest of the country owes you for Thanksgiving and Independence Day.	disgust	blog
13563	The curse of the Bambino is taught in public schools.	noemotion	blog
13564	You own a Yankees Suck shirt or hat.	noemotion	blog
13565	You pray for the Red Sox to win the World Series not this season, but in your lifetime.	anticipation	blog
13566	You know that Big Dig is also a kind of ice cream you can get at Brigham's.	noemotion	blog
13567	You actually know how to merge from 6 lanes of traffic down to one.	surprise	blog
13568	You went to Old Sturbridge Village, Plymouth Plantation, or both, on field trip in grammar school.	noemotion	blog
13569	You can drive to the mountains and the ocean all in one day.	noemotion	blog
13570	You know that the Mass Pike is some sort of strange weather dividing line.	noemotion	blog
13571	You know that P-Town isn't the name of a new rap group.	noemotion	blog
13572	You do not recognize the letter R as a part of the English language.	disgust	blog
13573	You see people like Steven Tyler Aerosmith, Dicky Barret The Mighty, Mighty Bosstones, and Evan Dando The Lemonheads in the local supermarket and it doesn't phase you.	noemotion	blog
13574	You've slammed on your brakes to deter a tailgater Know at least three Tony's, one Vinnie and a Frankie Paranoia sets in if you can't see a Dunkin Donuts, ATM or CVS within eyeshot at all times.	noemotion	blog
13575	year round You still try to order curly fries from Burger King You order iced coffee in January You know what candlepin bowling is You drive 45 minutes to New Hampshire to save $5 in sales tax You've pulled out of a side street and used your car to block oncoming traffic so you can make a left.	noemotion	blog
13576	You've bragged about the money you've saved at The Christmas Tree Shop You know what a regular coffee is. You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from Massachusetts.	joy	blog
13577	So, ok, this happened like week before last, but I thought it was funny enough to mention today.	joy	blog
13578	So Brandon and I were chilling out one night at home, after being out all night, and we decided to step out on the patio for a quick smoke.	noemotion	blog
13579	Well, the new dog; Louis, went running out onto the patio and barking up a storm, as I stuck my head out, there sat this stupid young dude trying to break into my neighbor's across the street car.	disgust	blog
13580	So I called the cops and followed him till he went into the dark, then I left it to the cops.	fear	blog
13581	911 operator asked Is it a white guy or a latin guy.	disgust	blog
13582	so I gave her the real description; a young black male with short dreads and dark clothes and shoes.	noemotion	blog
13583	One cop came, he talked to me for two seconds and then drove down the street a second.	noemotion	blog
13584	This time, unfortunately, he'd broken INTO the car already and was fishing things out.	sadness	blog
13585	I pick up my phone ON THE BALCONY and call the cops wihle I'm walking behind this joker.	anger	blog
13586	They sent SIX cop cars, two in each.	surprise	blog
13587	So 12 cops to investigate ONE car break in.	disgust	blog
13588	They all fly off in EVERY direction to find this kid of course, except the direction I said he went.	disgust	blog
13589	So basically I've met three new neighbors and we have like a community watch going on now.	noemotion	blog
13590	The cops spend more time driving down my road then they probably should.	disgust	blog
13591	But now I feel much happier and safer, and the neighbors all love me.  Did I mention it was after 2am every time the break-in occurred.	joy	blog
13592	They still love me, even though I woke them up at the butt-crack of dawn.	joy	blog
13593	=o  Although I feel like I've been on a really bad episode of 'Law and Order' now.	sadness	blog
13594	Afraid, confused, without a road map.	fear	blog
13595	Of course, when faced with the unknown many of us would turn around and run back.	fear	blog
13596	Something just beyond the pain of going on alone and just beyond the bravery and courage it takes to let someone in, or let them fade away.	sadness	blog
13597	Or to give someone a second chance.	noemotion	blog
13598	My worst fears have been personified.	fear	blog
13599	I only know that it could be anytime within the next 60 days.	anticipation	blog
13600	I don't even know for sure that it will happen, but with the way things have been going, I expect it to happen.	anticipation	blog
13601	There's nothing else I can say or do to change the situation.	noemotion	blog
13602	Woot I finally got an ipod with video 30g.	joy	blog
13603	Its kinda bad because I was feeling really sad/unhappy the day I baught it.	sadness	blog
13604	But I've been wanting it for like a year now, just never had the money, and never wanted to charge it.	anticipation	blog
13605	but oh I was a bad girl and put it on my best buy card.	joy	blog
13606	I got a black one, and oooh its so sexy.	joy	blog
13607	I got a leather case for it, but need to get some clear protective sheets for it too.	noemotion	blog
13608	Maybe a full case too, because the lil black pocket thing it came with is a little too snug, I have to force the lil bitch into it all the time.	anger	blog
13609	its not that much but hey its something.	joy	blog
13610	we had our first snowfall just the other day, the trees have gone to sleep and finally the walnuts have stopped falling on my garage roof and scaring me when i take my still lame dog out to take a shit before bed.	surprise	blog
13611	a lot of things have happened to me in the past six months, since the beginning of summer.	noemotion	blog
13612	three very dear friends of mine have lost very important people in their lives, and i have had to be the strong one they can lean on.	sadness	blog
13613	though i do not mind this one tiny bit it has been odd for me.  i'm rarely the strong one.	surprise	blog
13614	i am usually the one reduced to laying on the big green couch in the fetal position eating leftover pizza and crying about nothing and everything all at once.	sadness	blog
13615	turns out it has just made me question pretty much everything that i thought i knew.	surprise	blog
13616	now, i have no idea what i believe and what i want to do and how i want to spend the rest of my life.	sadness	blog
13617	we've been together since my sophomore year of college and had lived together for over a year in sin, mind you but i wasn't prepared for the change that would take place in our relationship.	surprise	blog
13618	i love him dearly and will forever, but i definately was not ready for that.	surprise	blog
13619	very disconnected to everyone and everything, not sure where to go from here.	sadness	blog
13620	but i don't want to admit that yet.	fear	blog
13621	another two words for you: john hughes.	noemotion	blog
13622	gotta milk those quarter-life crises for all they're worth.	disgust	blog
13623	want to get it done in time for the next snowfall.	anticipation	blog
13624	Have you ever made a decision and then later found out the consequences to that decision.	noemotion	blog
13625	I didn't mean to hurt this person at all.	sadness	blog
13626	I look ahead and I want to see me being a successful missionary/psychologist, married, with kids, and a great life.	anticipation	blog
13627	However, it seems the decisions I have been making are hindering that.	sadness	blog
13628	People everday get divorces, commit adultery and I don't want that.	disgust	blog
13629	I don't want to get hurt.	trust	blog
13630	*sighs*  I have a bad habit of hurting people before they can hurt me.  Like if I think that someone could and might hurt me then I hurt them first.	sadness	blog
13631	Then I think if I commit myself to this person only, what if I'm missing out on someone else.	fear	blog
13632	What if this isn't the right person for me and I'm making a huge mistake.	fear	blog
13633	But then I also think what if they are the right person.	other	blog
13634	Why is everything so confusing to me?   I'm trying to hear God right now, but maybe I'm not really listening.	sadness	blog
13635	I guess im just gonna have to be patient.	anticipation	blog
13636	I'll wait for God to show me what He wants me to do.	anticipation	blog
13637	So, keep praying for me that I'll be strong.	trust	blog
13638	I just have these moments when I start trying to do things without God and that never works.	noemotion	blog
13639	Anywayz, I'll ask God for His opinion.	noemotion	blog
13640	Welp today has been a long tiring day laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13641	I have been up most the night because the baby wouldn't go to sleep for nothing.	other	blog
13642	We lay him on our chest and he zonks out pretty fast and now hes so used to it he won't sleep in his crib or basinet so we have to find a way for him to sleep in the crib.	noemotion	blog
13643	Doctor says not to let them sleep on there belly for a while and thats the only way he sleeps good.	noemotion	blog
13644	I need a nap though I will tell you that laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13645	Oh well I know its something that comes along with having a baby laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13646	I will be glad when my mom gets here so we can go to wal-mart and then I can come back home and take a little nap.	joy	blog
13647	Anyways,tomorrow I guess my grandpa wants us to come over there so his brother than is in town to visit and everyone can see the baby.	noemotion	blog
13648	I am not to thrilled about going over there.	disgust	blog
13649	laughing out loud,and so we figgured we would just go to Six Flags.	joy	blog
13650	We could go out and I could watch him drink but he got a ticket and they have to mail his license to him and he has no ID yet.	noemotion	blog
13651	Our one year wedding anniversary, we had Landon this month,David's birthday today,other family members birthdays that are this month,halloween and tons of other stuff laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13652	I still need to do laundry later and I need to do the dishes and then maybe just maybe I will get to lay down for a bit before he wakes upEhh prolly not laughing out loud Oh and for everyone that wants to see the baby if there is not a nice day coming up you may have to come to my house because its to cold for us to be taking him out in this weather,I don't need a sick baby along with my hundred other problems laughing out loud,that or you can come visit when we are over at my grandpas,other than that your s.o.l on seeing my lil stud muffin laughing out loud.	noemotion	blog
13653	Almost sounds like an EMO song title.	noemotion	blog
13654	I am once again becoming an OT whore, which was originally to buy myself a new gun Springfiled XD40 3 Subcompact.	anticipation	blog
13655	But, with pay days in Oct. being where they are, and bills due on the dates they're due, that idea is totally shot for now.	sadness	blog
13656	The OT whoring now is to make enough to pay bills on time, not to buy new and fun things.	disgust	blog
13657	I'm also working at the YMCA every Monday in October, which helps, but makes me tired as all get out.	noemotion	blog
13658	Nothing big to report, except that every time I volunteer to do a full 8 hours of OT after my normal shift, I find myself going home 2-4 hours into it due to them over-hiring and not realizing it.	disgust	blog
13659	I have a new pic of Melissa and I, which I will post shortly.	joy	blog
13660	We just celebrated 3 great months on the 8th, and last night we carved pumpkins she brought me a pumpkin, it was pretty sweet.	joy	blog
13661	Bagpiping got moved to one of our together nights, so that puts a small damper on the time we see each other for every week.	sadness	blog
13662	I joined a gun club the other night.	noemotion	blog
13663	Membership is only $50/year and a $50 initiation fee.	noemotion	blog
13664	The shooting is unlimited for the most part between 8a and 10p.	noemotion	blog
13665	This is good for the odd hour shooter like me. Also, there is a 25 yd outdoor range, which accepts a variety of loads shotgun, magnum, etc.	joy	blog
13666	The indoor range has 8 lanes, but is only 15 yards long.	noemotion	blog
13667	The best part is, I shoot pretty well there, and the lighting is really good.	joy	blog
13668	If anyone is interested, it's the Phillipsburg Pistol Club, and can be found on the web just google it's name.	noemotion	blog
13669	Reawaken is taking allot of my time this week inspite of my heavy harvest schedule on the farm.	joy	blog
13670	We are starting to get some interesting inquiries.	joy	blog
13671	I made contact with various Pentagon types who deal specifically with the USO and stand down concerts on a variety of military installations in California.	noemotion	blog
13672	Also since I belong to a variety of social organizations it was easy to make concert contacts through them.	noemotion	blog
13673	Who knows where we will be playing in 2007.	noemotion	blog
13674	I have my eyes on a few locations like Kwajalein RMI and Soto Cano-Honduras; with friends in low places we'll probably get those gigs.	anticipation	blog
13675	In the mean time we have a huge private party in April booked and the Mateel Arts and Music Festival for June as well.	anticipation	blog
13676	The list of folks who want a copy of the CD-First Light is being built up one name at a time.	anticipation	blog
13677	Anyone who wants one I will send one.	noemotion	blog
13678	I may just have the band members do a strip for old ladies at the senior clubs if we have open dates unfilled.	noemotion	blog
13679	Leaving for Irvine on the 18th for Maiden.	anticipation	blog
13680	See you mates up front of Arrys monitor.	anticipation	blog
13681	I was cleaning up Kristen Ward's apartment when a beer spilled all over my socks and pants and I don't even care.	noemotion	blog
13682	Like thousands of people poured into the street last night for excitement.	joy	blog
13683	Lots of people used drugs and drank beer.	noemotion	blog
13684	Tonight is also the drag show which I shall be attending faithfully.	anticipation	blog
13685	Last night I had a long discussion at 4:30am about xanax addiction and molestation.	noemotion	blog
13686	Hard alcohol would surely have put me in the ER.	fear	blog
13687	your hair looks like shit Mary.	disgust	blog
13688	She has 4 boys staying her who attend West Point.	noemotion	blog
13689	Everyone is gone and I just cleaned up, so now I'm going to loosen up my buttons, take a long hot shower, put on my clothing and my adorable pea coat, and make my way downtown.	joy	blog
13690	And I still rule this town, I'm just a little more mature, a little more with it.	joy	blog
13691	Look at me!  I'm like Ellen on straight television.	joy	blog
13692	I met this 'straight' boy at the gay bar last night.	disgust	blog
13693	I feel like I should be writting right now.	other	blog
13694	I suppose there was the time that Dread, named not for the feeling one gets when thinking about the smell which followed him, but rather for his haircut, came by while my mother was there and pulled bacon out of his pocket, and then his other pocket, and then from under his shirt, then from his pants.	noemotion	blog
13695	Within a week I bid on and won about 14 cookie jars.	joy	blog
13696	They are just so cute I can't resist them although I think I am under control now.	joy	blog
13697	The lady at the post office is starting to laugh at me.  Where am I going to put them all.	anticipation	blog
13698	I have only had one bad experience on Ebay so far.	sadness	blog
13699	I emailed the seller and told him about it and he was very arrogant and rude.	anger	blog
13700	To make a long story short, he told me I must have wanted this ugly old hen to match my personality.	anger	blog
13701	I told him he was a f----ing a--hole and gave him a negative rating.	anger	blog
13702	He in turn gave me a negative rating.	sadness	blog
13703	And because I am such a perfectionist the negative rating had me bummed for awhile but now I am better.	sadness	blog
13704	I sold an electric blanket for more than I paid for it.	noemotion	blog
13705	I see Frankie at the junkyard has several electric blankets.	noemotion	blog
13706	I can probably pick them up for less than a buck and sell them for lots lots more as long as they work.	anticipation	blog
13707	We have been staying pretty close to home but still having a good time.	joy	blog
13708	It has finally cooled down a bit which is a big relief.	joy	blog
13709	I love my nap and story time with BooBoo every afternoon.	joy	blog
13710	That means I recline on the couch with a good book after lunch and BooBoo my cat is always stretched out on my lap.	joy	blog
13711	Tim is working on putting a border fence up in the front of the property.	noemotion	blog
13712	Then he wants to put in an underground sprinkler system before we plant grass in front.	noemotion	blog
13713	We also will be planting trees and shrubs in front and some day putting a small deck coming out of the front door.	noemotion	blog
13714	It just all takes time and money.	noemotion	blog
13715	We have come a long way in a year though.	joy	blog
13716	Today I also made a devils food bundt cake with chocolate chip glaze.	noemotion	blog
13717	With all this cheese we will probably be constipated tomorrow.	disgust	blog
13718	Oh shit, day by day update.	disgust	blog
13719	So, I love 4 day weeks of school, I really do.	joy	blog
13720	Then later hung out with some loser until like 12.	disgust	blog
13721	Then Ashlie and Becky came and picked me up, we stopped at Joey's to see if they had any applications, then went out to the mall so I could turn in some apps, and so Ashlie could buy some underwears.	noemotion	blog
13722	First off, it's a hike to get up to this place, and I can't see worth shit in the dark.	disgust	blog
13723	We were up there for awhile and Idk why or how, but Ryan pushed me off of this bench and I fell flat on my back scraping my hip up, which hurts ha.	sadness	blog
13724	Then they were cutting this damn tree down, and they made me go with then by dragging me over since I didn't want to go, and when I tried to sneak away.	anger	blog
13725	I guess I walked behind Ryan right when he swung this huge ass AXE and he swung it right into my face.	surprise	blog
13726	Not only all that, I ended up calling Aubrey, and ending up balling like a baby, because I really do miss her and everything we used to have.	sadness	blog
13727	Even after getting off the phone with her, I balled forever.	sadness	blog
13728	It was sooo cold out, seeing as I don't have a winter jacket or anything.	noemotion	blog
13729	Plus, I didn't eat anything at all yesterday, and I ended up getting really sick.	sadness	blog
13730	It was real lame.	disgust	blog
13731	Ehh Other than that it was a good time.	joy	blog
13732	Today, Chels made me a sandwhich since she loves me, and I had some soup so I feel better.	joy	blog
13733	I'm going out for a little tonight, and then I'm gonna see if Ash and Beck want to stay.	anticipation	blog
13734	It all started a month ago in kickboxing class at least that part sounds way cool.	noemotion	blog
13735	The new instructor is a former marine and showed us these five-pointed-star push-ups.	noemotion	blog
13736	Yeah, I know, right up there with Custer laughing off a few measly Indians.	disgust	blog
13737	Anyway, I get home and notice my knee feels kinda tight.	surprise	blog
13738	Okay, no problem, I'll just tone down my workouts until I'm back at 100%.	noemotion	blog
13739	So I figure I'll just check in with my G.P., get a nice cortisone shot in the knee and I'm good to go.	anticipation	blog
13740	But my beloved G.P., who usually just prescribes stuff for me over the phone, starts throwing around words like orthopedic, surgery, and x-rays and I start thinking, oh shit.	fear	blog
13741	Of course once he says the magic words degenerative arthritis and not uncommon AT MY AGE I do a total brain freeze and hear pretty much nothing afterwards.	fear	blog
13742	So what's a girl to do to cheer herself up.	sadness	blog
13743	So I'm old, but I have these really cute Etienne Aigner boots to show for it.	joy	blog
13744	My gene pool used to lie before me like a pretty lake and I rarely gave it much thought.	noemotion	blog
13745	I'm not going to grow old gracefully.	fear	blog
13746	Seen from a distance, I've been following the script,.	noemotion	blog
13747	the path that society lays down for people like me.	noemotion	blog
13748	the times I have felt most free, most alive,.	joy	blog
13749	the times we have been at our best, have shone brightest,.	joy	blog
13750	skipped a line or a page or an act;.	noemotion	blog
13751	or just set fire to the whole thing and made it up as we've gone along.	noemotion	blog
13752	I will not play the part that others have chosen for me.	anger	blog
13753	Sucks for Levon but he said he wouldn't let me drive with the trailer anyways.	anger	blog
13754	Plus, this means I can get my drivers license in AZ which means it will be good for 65 years.	anticipation	blog
13755	I know I can drive that's not my problem I just need to study more for the written.	noemotion	blog
13756	I'll try to call but I have work all weekend then monday I'm going to NY.	anticipation	blog
13757	Everybody call me. Just letting you all know I suck at at tests.	disgust	blog
13758	first: heh heh  heh, so appropriate fer me.	joy	blog
13759	couldn't the fucking terrorists decide to get caught, you know, after i landed.	anger	blog
13760	they had to be stupid terrorists and think in their fundementalist clouded minds that they'd change the world.	disgust	blog
13761	or convert everyone to Islam, or just blow you up one by one in a fucking plane, train, or automobile.	anger	blog
13762	let me calculate how long that'll take with current rates of reproduction and the current world population.	noemotion	blog
13763	so far, all you've done is to cause international travellers the annoyance of having to hand over their toothpaste and make sure their baby's formula isn't nitroglycerin by drinking some.	anger	blog
13764	you've killed less people in the last six years than we did to ourselves in a week in 1916.	disgust	blog
13765	if you read history instead of fucking dogma all the god damn time you'd realize we're perfectly capable of raining destruction upon ourselves in a very effective manner, thank you very much.	anger	blog
13766	how about you ignore us, we'll ignore you, you all can go to heaven and we can all be infidels and suffer through our evil.	anger	blog
13767	what do you care if all ours are all bad.	noemotion	blog
13768	i'm being a little flippant here, but i'm sure you get the point.	noemotion	blog
13769	which is worse than pissing us off.	anger	blog
13770	because when you piss us off, we have to used measured restraint.	anger	blog
13771	when you annoy us long enough NO ONE WILL CARE ABOUT RESTRAINT.	anger	blog
13772	we'll just let our governments do whatever the fuck they want because we want to brush our fucking teeth on a plane after some really bad airplane food.	anger	blog
13773	never underestimate the power of wide spread apathy and annoyance.	disgust	blog
13774	i am a rational, intelligent, rather well informed individual.	noemotion	blog
13775	in nine days i will spend probably 5-6 hours in aiports, whereas, 10 years ago.	noemotion	blog
13776	why must i show up three hours early for my flight.	disgust	blog
13777	its your fault, it really is.  so when i'm standing in line, or waiting around, i'll be thinking of you.	anger	blog
13778	trying to keep my rational and logical mind from straying to bad thoughts about how stupid the human race is and how religion is nothing but trouble.	disgust	blog
13779	and try and sympathize with those being racially profiled ahead of me and making for an even longer wait in line.	disgust	blog
13780	The job was frustrating today.	anger	blog
13781	I look up the address he mumbles to me and see that no payment has come in for 5 months.	noemotion	blog
13782	Then they throw a little hissy fit for 5 minutes as I repeat myself over and over.	disgust	blog
13783	And then I get an equally obnoxious call.	disgust	blog
13784	Or some woman will call with a question that has nothing to do with circulation.	disgust	blog
13785	This happened an unhealthy amount today.	disgust	blog
13786	And originally I was supposed to be given some book of all knowledge.	noemotion	blog
13787	And then the dispatcher was all pissy with me over some redelivery shenanigans I was doing wrong.	anger	blog
13788	Talking about running into ongoing traffic and killing himself, and doing weed.	sadness	blog
13789	Sheldon and I told him to shut up.	anger	blog
13790	He got up and said he doesn't have to take this from us and was especially angry at me. I was a mega bitch to him.	anger	blog
13791	He was so good-looking.	joy	blog
13792	Words like that made me and Phil stop smiling, look straight at Sheldon, and say shut up at the same time.	anger	blog
13793	A couple of times Sheldon would say things to him and he would get angry and tell him to shut up.	anger	blog
13794	He didn't want to make eye contact with me, but we made eye contact a lot.	noemotion	blog
13795	It was brief, and every single time, we would smile.	joy	blog
13796	The whole way there he was grabbing onto poles and screaming like a banshee and his friend Johnny who came along got a swift punch in the nuts from Phil.	noemotion	blog
13797	I asked Phil, what the hell are you doing? and he looked angrily at me. Like I did anything wrong.	anger	blog
13798	Then when we were there, I got what I needed, as did they, and I was standing outside with Phil as the other two were still in there.	noemotion	blog
13799	I started talking to him about why he was so mad, and he said you called me retarded, and I explained that he was being a prick.	anger	blog
13800	And he said that since he started drugs, he's a prick.	anger	blog
13801	I told him he didn't lose me, and he just looked at me and didn't say a word.	joy	blog
13802	They followed, but Daniel took two minutes to look back at me. I was angry.	anger	blog
13803	My facial expression was beyond hurt.	sadness	blog
13804	I know I shouldn't have been snotty about it but I thought it was fucking obvious.	anger	blog
13805	I called home to as my mom for a ride but she said she was busy, I WAS NEAR CRYING AND SHE WAS BUSY.	sadness	blog
13806	I hung up and started walking home.	sadness	blog
13807	Like 10 minutes into walking home aaron pulled up to drive me home.	noemotion	blog
13808	I never even told him what happened, but he helped, a lot.	joy	blog
13809	the trip was fantastic, plimoth was old and there were real live pilgrims everywhere, salem was cute and adorable but very touristy, ithaca was gorgeous and adorable and joel was there so the whole thing made me very happy and clearly that was the highlight of the trip, niagara was fantastically beautiful but boring once you've seen the falls, buffalo was sketchy but had great wings and now im home, and i think it's the most wonderful place ive ever been and i dont ever want to leave.	joy	blog
13810	well, give me two weeks and i'll be out of here but for now, it's good.	anticipation	blog
13811	it was wonderful to be away from home but it is indeed wonderful to be back.	joy	blog
13812	i thought a lot about different things and i wrote more than i have in a long, long time.	noemotion	blog
13813	i felt particularly inspired a few hours after we left ithaca becos i had finally finished stone garden and reading that book always sends me into great fits of creation.	joy	blog
13814	maybe i'll share some day, and maybe i wont.	noemotion	blog
13815	the only thing im sure of at this moment in time is that life is beautiful and i am just so satisfied and so content.	joy	blog
13816	but for now im going to go experience how fabulous the night sky smells.	joy	blog
13817	Work is going well I suppose, most people are nice and I've been warned of which ones are better to avoid.	joy	blog
13818	My hours are/were gradually going up, after tomorrow I'll have had 23 this week, but next week is only 11, and five days off is a bit much.	sadness	blog
13819	They're starting to put me in other parts of the store, which is kind of nifty.	joy	blog
13820	I've been having random fears and doubts lately, but that happens.	fear	blog
13821	I suppose there's been a fair amount of drama, including some with my ex Sadie.	sadness	blog
13822	Then again, I guess that's how it was last time.	noemotion	blog
13823	I have work in the morning, then three days off.	joy	blog
13824	Today at work, I was working on a job that was supposed to print as three colors, black, spot red and spot silver, but the background image the client provided was CMYK, with the spot colors built in that color space, including gradations of them.	noemotion	blog
13825	But I, with my mad Photoshop skills, was able to convert it to the corect color space while faithfully maintaining the appearence and detail of the image, including the gradations.	joy	blog
13826	I'm the man.	noemotion	blog
13827	P.S. If you don't understand exactly what I did it's a bit technical, just know that it was impressive and I rock.	joy	blog
13828	P.P.S. When I say that you might not understand because it's technical, I'm not trying to brag, it's just kind of specialized in the same way I don't understand when people talk about car repair or finance.	noemotion	blog
13829	So I spent the day watching The Real World: Austin, with my little brother.	noemotion	blog
13830	We decided we'd watch as much episodes as possible and also made a promise none of us would use the computer.	anticipation	blog
13831	But anyway, so we watched tv during the morning and when 4pm came by, we decided to do laundry and play Burnout 3; I beat his ass.	joy	blog
13832	I guess today was somewhat fun, considering I spent the day with my younger brother.	joy	blog
13833	But other than that, I feel really alone right now because it's Friday and I'm home.	sadness	blog
13834	I haven't really been going out much and it just makes me mad since I told myself this summer I'd make the best of it since I'd be going to university in September.	anger	blog
13835	Gosh, in exactly one month school's going to start and boy am I nervous.	fear	blog
13836	these are the words the senior VP of Telecommunications told us on Tuesday.	noemotion	blog
13837	Congratulations- and Welcome to Corporate America- where the Vice Presidents and Senior Officers and Managers don't hibernate-- they walk among you.	joy	blog
13838	I have a 99 average in my class.	joy	blog
13839	When your Trainer comes into the room all smiles after lunch and announces that she moved up ONE level- From ABT Trainer 1 to ABT Trainer 2 and got a $10,000 salary increase.	joy	blog
13840	It makes me sick that my trainer is 24.	disgust	blog
13841	That means if I stay on the right path- when I'm 25 I could be an ABT Trainer 2 as well- or the equivalent.	anticipation	blog
13842	I could be an IT Specialist V in 4 years.	anticipation	blog
13843	The advancement opportunities are just awesome.	joy	blog
13844	Spend 1 year answering calls for the Claims spread- and then be free to go to where-ever your heart desires.	anticipation	blog
13845	I've been staying at Mary's house and she keeps telling me I'd be an awesome mommy.	joy	blog
13846	I see everyday just how much good that company does.	joy	blog
13847	They raised over $200,000.00 for Cancer Research with a BASEBALL GAME.	joy	blog
13848	The AFLAC All-American Baseball Classic.	noemotion	blog
13849	I monitored calls today with Julia.	noemotion	blog
13850	She never once had a caller that she didn't make laugh- at least once during their call.	joy	blog
13851	That old quote comes back to me- the origin has slipped my mind, but we are the movers and the shakers and the dreamers of dreams.	other	blog
13852	I'm still working on that family part.	noemotion	blog
13853	but I've not talked to the most important person in my life- in over a week.	sadness	blog
13854	and it's killing me.	sadness	blog
13855	I'm starting to fray at the ends- the next step is to break- somethings gotta give and I'm pulling with all my might to keep everything together.	fear	blog
13856	But even superman has his kryptonite.	noemotion	blog
13857	I'm tired of broken promises- and empty dreams.	disgust	blog
13858	Or he would've come through last weekend.	noemotion	blog
13859	The thread to this relationship is wearing thin- it's on it's last strand- and though he may think it's cool to not do what he says hes going to- it's not cool to me.	disgust	blog
13860	The worst part is- I love him.	sadness	blog
13861	I love him with every ounce of everything that I am- but try as I might- we just cant' get it together.	sadness	blog
13862	We're still together- and we still have the opportunity to make things right - - - but I'm a very patient person- and it's been close to 5 years now- and my patience is wearing thin.	disgust	blog
13863	Something has to happen SOON.	anticipation	blog
13864	I would like to be married before I'm 23.	anticipation	blog
13865	Yes, we are having a small celebration today.	joy	blog
13866	I am always so happy after talking to him.	joy	blog
13867	Anyway, he said that since he and all of the troop are having to stay 16 months, they are getting to come home for 5 whole days for leave after they are done with their training and before they go to thier permanent post.	anticipation	blog
13868	So they thought they were going for 12 and Wayne thought he was going for 10 and then one day BOOM they are staying for 16.	noemotion	blog
13869	And every sigle one of them are furious.	anger	blog
13870	Wayne says that the tension is unreal.	anticipation	blog
13871	So they are getting to come home for a short time after thier training.	anticipation	blog
13872	I will get that 5 days and then later on he will still get RnR.	anticipation	blog
13873	That was the first thing that I thought will that cut down yalls RnR? and he said no.	noemotion	blog
13874	It is just something they get to do because they are having to go longer than intended or however they word that.	noemotion	blog
13875	I told her that she better get on the ball and she looked at me and yawned so maybe that was a yes, laughing out loud.	joy	blog
13876	If not I may have to get her a shot to induce labor.	anticipation	blog
13877	That was one of the first things that Wayne wanted to know hows alley, has she had the pups I think he loves those dogs as much as me! I'll never forget the first tail that he docked by himself it was Tuff's tail.	joy	blog
13878	I was so proud.	joy	blog
13879	He had watched me dock two litters but still he did a great job.	joy	blog
13880	Now, he wishes that he was here to help with this litter Image.	sadness	blog
13881	But I am still SOOOOO excited that I'll get to see him for 5 days.	anticipation	blog
13882	It is yet another Accounting class so everyone wish me luck.	anticipation	blog
13883	I love Poodie's site is so inspiring.	joy	blog
13884	I feel very uninspiring.	sadness	blog
13885	I am going to give it a try and I apologize if it's boring or ugly.	anticipation	blog
13886	I can't decide if I want to pay the fee to make it a fancy blog.	noemotion	blog
13887	He is laying like a bum on the couch watching CSI:NY.	disgust	blog
13888	I am sure he is going to force Baby Huff to watch it and learn all it's moral lessons from that show vs. meetings.	anticipation	blog
13889	OH OH OH  he is yelling at me, Are you ready to go, already.	fear	blog
13890	Like it's me holding up the show.	disgust	blog
13891	Three people have been laid off at the office in the past hour.	sadness	blog
13892	When I come back from my Survival course and return to work, I won't have a staff anymore.	sadness	blog
13893	They will be fine eventually but deserve better than one week's notice.	disgust	blog
13894	I'll miss them and can't say goodbye properly now.	sadness	blog
13895	I will have to plan an agency party/reunion at the end of August.	noemotion	blog
13896	NOW I'm ready to get away to the rattlesnakes and scorpions.	anticipation	blog
13897	I have little news - just about two weeks left on the job and ihere in p-town so gimme a call before the 25th.	noemotion	blog
13898	I'm excited to move in.	anticipation	blog
13899	except I have a butt load of stuff in general.	noemotion	blog
13900	I'm gonna have my brothers truck and my dad's and my car to take stuff down there.	noemotion	blog
13901	I realllllly want a mandolin like right now.	anticipation	blog
13902	so that i can learn hw to play them becuase i reallllly want to learn cause im a nerd like that.	noemotion	blog
13903	And also because THE DARKNESS and I have formed a 'band'.	joy	blog
13904	called the Silhouettes i came up with the name.	noemotion	blog
13905	pretty scweet.	joy	blog
13906	despite the terror.	other	blog
13907	This week was mucho fun.	joy	blog
13908	Haha he's my bestest buddy in Algebra, he had 'abs of steel today', just for today.	joy	blog
13909	Inside joke inside joke.	noemotion	blog
13910	Ew, we had this really crappy sub.	disgust	blog
13911	for U.S. history too ! But I love that class [: Walking home is always really fun too.	joy	blog
13912	She was just a pain in the ASS yeeah, sucks to be her.	disgust	blog
13913	Thursday was like, really fun.	joy	blog
13914	It was the School dance  I had to work in one of the door entrance.	noemotion	blog
13915	I was really tired since it was like.	noemotion	blog
13916	Dancing, ASB, dancing, ASB back forth.	joy	blog
13917	I never really noticed it but Natalie, Ryan, Christan Leslie are fun to be around with.	joy	blog
13918	Friday was even more fun [: I ended my day in the ASB yeah.	joy	blog
13919	I know im talking about the ASB alot but that`s pretty much whats been happening.	noemotion	blog
13920	My two fingers that I tie the ballons with were smelled like balloons.	noemotion	blog
13921	She had all these cool stuff I wanna take, hahah.	joy	blog
13922	After that, we saw Jason, Victor Josh I guess they came with us to Veterans all those places.	noemotion	blog
13923	We pretty much waisted are money buying 2 Sparkled Water that we though were naasty.	disgust	blog
13924	Saw some Otay people then headed to Veterans park after.	noemotion	blog
13925	Saw Aldrin his friends so I guess we hung out ? Jason them left early.	noemotion	blog
13926	Hung upside down like monkeys at the monkey bars acted like little kids at the swing once again.	noemotion	blog
13927	Sucks I didn't bring my camera but yeeah.	sadness	blog
13928	I think tomorrow a friend`s coming over ? Not sure who, haha kaay bye.	surprise	blog
13929	I must say this summer has gone by in the blink of an eye.	sadness	blog
13930	what seemed like 4 months off, has seemed like it at all.	noemotion	blog
13931	So far I have done zip camping, no trips to the lake.	noemotion	blog
13932	I have been quite preoccupied though so I can't blame my lack of summer fun on laziness.	noemotion	blog
13933	I  am getting so tired of this studying for my securities exam.	sadness	blog
13934	just once I would love to not have to worry about that sort of thing.	fear	blog
13935	and to have more than 2 weeks of vacation time.	noemotion	blog
13936	but this is life and we must not forget that like is not a holiday.	sadness	blog
13937	I go for my practicum interview next week along with a 2 day orientation at PI.	anticipation	blog
13938	At least that is one issue that has finally gotten rolliing.	joy	blog
13939	I was beginning to worry I'de have to put it off for yet another term.	fear	blog
13940	I haven't really given school much thought as of recent times.	noemotion	blog
13941	I started with one dream, and was working towards it, now I don't see it anymore.	sadness	blog
13942	hey I'll be a rich individual.	anticipation	blog
13943	I'm really in it just for the money ;.	noemotion	blog
13944	actually I just want to give the opportunity a chance.	trust	blog
13945	I still will have my degree to back me up and I true desire to go into law enforcement, but for now I want to do this.	anticipation	blog
13946	it  gets me out of the job I'm in and will open the doors to other opportunities that aren't available to me now.	anticipation	blog
13947	Maybe I have become lazy in thought b/c I don't bother with it.	disgust	blog
13948	Worry gains you no more minutes to  your life.	noemotion	blog
13949	rather it steals what precious ones you have left.	anger	blog
13950	we have no one to blame but our selves.	sadness	blog
13951	society has become just one big stress pool.	disgust	blog
13952	Our conversations with family, friends, co-workers etc., all seem to revolve around how crappy are day is, has been, or is going to be, and it seems all like we compete with one another to see who has a crappier one.	disgust	blog
13953	where I am going with this I have no clue.	noemotion	blog
13954	I don't have a plan, I don't know what I want in the long run.	fear	blog
13955	I love my family unconditionally, and cherish every moment with them, even my eldest sister, who pushes me over the edge, but I have developed a certain method inwhich to deal with it.	trust	blog
13956	I have to look at life in her perspective, and it would break anyones heart.	sadness	blog
13957	To have something inside of you that you cannot control, something foreign that has stolen away your chance of a normal life.	sadness	blog
13958	being alienated, being alone.	sadness	blog
13959	I can only take so much of her though, for her sake and mine happy.	disgust	blog
13960	I have a job where I have come to know some amazing people who have such potential, but possibly will never get to put it to any use due to the cirumstances of the choices in life.	sadness	blog
13961	but they make my time at work memorable.	joy	blog
13962	I have put my life in the hands of god, and left him to it.	trust	blog
13963	I am happy with a casual, not serious, no pressure relationship.	joy	blog
13964	I frankly would be just as happy alone.	sadness	blog
13965	Still there is so much more to learn, and my life is but young.	anticipation	blog
13966	I have a list of things I want to do during my time, and each day I add something new to it.	anticipation	blog
13967	laughing out loud, lets just hope I don't run out of time to complete it.	joy	blog
13968	anyway I heard this while I was in church and it really grabbed my interest.	anticipation	blog
13969	A few days ago, I ran into this article online: http://msnbc.msn.com/id/14126192/ talking about statistics regarding the number of friends people having being at some sort of new low.	surprise	blog
13970	I guess I fit the group the article refers to, in regards to having only 2 or 3 friends that would fall into the support mechanism category, if only because of circumstantial or geographical factors being taken into consideration as well.	noemotion	blog
13971	One of those 3 will be moving this fall, and the others have an awful lot going on in their lives, in addition to being less available than the first by a long shot anyhow.	noemotion	blog
13972	On a larger scale, this really makes me think about the way that I've cultivated my friendships, and the way I've maintained them as well.	trust	blog
13973	I definitely feel like, moreso than any other time in my life, I'm operating almost at the ground floor in regards to the friendships I have and the way I interact with those friends.	sadness	blog
13974	I've burned a lot of bridges and engaged in decisions which have hampered my ability to be trusted as much as I'd like to be by some of my friends, and likewise, there have been things which have altered my ability to fully engage some people as well, be they circumstacial or environmental or whatever.	sadness	blog
13975	Suffice to say that there are a fair amount of people out there whom I would count among my friends, but limited few whom I would count as good friends, due to actions both inside and outside of my role in that friendship.	sadness	blog
13976	We're getting older, we have a lot more work-related matters and our personal lives can get pretty complicated.	sadness	blog
13977	You build friendships as fortifications against getting too old too fast, but sometimes life just catches up with you regardless of your efforts.	sadness	blog
13978	On a big picture scale, I'd like to believe that I still hold the same value system that I held when I was 18 years old, now a scary half-a-lifetime ago.	sadness	blog
13979	All in all, I'm satisfied with the bigger picture and angry as fuck at the smaller details, but that's what keeps you going, isn't it.	anger	blog
13980	As far as support mechanisms go, I've seen what they do to people- at their best, they act as a bridge to help people reach things both within and outside themself that they may not have been previously able to reach.	joy	blog
13981	Home may be where you hang your hat, but happiness is sometimes found far from home or in the last place you'd even expect to look for it.	surprise	blog
13982	I think sometimes it can be easy to lose track of the idea that happiness and comfort are two completely separate entities and having one does not guarantee or equal having the other some of the time, at least.	noemotion	blog
13983	It goes back to that whole journey vs. destination idea, in that some people only mark success by arriving at a goal, while others are capable of enjoying the efforts required to reach that goal as well.	noemotion	blog
13984	if the goals are similar, which one would you prefer to be.	noemotion	blog
13985	Friendship works the same way- some people only appreciate friendships which are productive and goal-oriented, whereas there are also friendships that meander along the way, and each moment can be as interesting and rewarding as the ones before and after.	trust	blog
13986	It can be really difficult to appreciate just what a friendship really means to you, especially when it's something you can take for granted fairly easily if you aren't careful.	noemotion	blog
13987	I know I'm guilty of that all the time.	noemotion	blog
13988	Often we fail to realize what we've lost until something becomes too distant and difficult to regain.	sadness	blog
13989	Old wounds fester into something that can't be healed, neglect becomes forgetfulness which then becomes amnesia, and before long you wonder if it ever happened.	sadness	blog
13990	It sucks, and it takes effort to keep a swerving friendship from heading down these sort of paths, but the effort far outweighs the consequences of failing to do so.	disgust	blog
13991	It means I have some tough choices to make.	anticipation	blog
13992	I can only change my own mind, so whatever efforts I expend have to be met with some sort of equal efforts or the process goes nowhere and frustrates me the entire way.	anger	blog
13993	Is it worth it, or is it better to just let fate play out its' hand and look for a new deal.	noemotion	blog
13994	There's usually no way to know until it's too late regardless.	surprise	blog
13995	I guess I do what I can to make the most of what I have, if it's not enough then it likely never was, and in that case, at least I know I tried.	noemotion	blog
13996	If being a friend isn't about trying, then I've been taking the wrong approach all along.	sadness	blog
13997	As of late, it seems that everything my parents do, they do it just to annoy me. They're great parents.	anger	blog
13998	I'm not going to go into specifics here, but it almost always ends up in yelling and tears.	anger	blog
13999	I was thinking about our most recent spat today at dinner and wondering why the hell everything turns out this way.	sadness	blog
14000	My only plausible explanation is that I want out.	anger	blog
14001	No matter how much I love them, I want to be independent and living on my own, providing for myself and on the road to success.	anticipation	blog
14002	Now, I know that I will reach this place soon enough, but damn it feels like it is taking forever.	anger	blog
14003	I know its normal for someone who's in college to be living with their parents, but that doesn't quell the wish to be independent and free.	noemotion	blog
14004	Now me and Tyler are running the shop and I don't know if Tyler's even going to stay or not.	fear	blog
14005	Lots of angry costomers with half finished work, a boss who pays for the furniture but has no idea how to run a business.	disgust	blog
14006	My gun, my nozzles, my power supply, my footpedal.	noemotion	blog
14007	It's been a week and I'm still really pissed off.	anger	blog
14008	I have been TRYING to post for three days, but bloody Spaces was having issues errors on pages and I couldn't do it - my Wanker Boss post was due to be posted on Thursday.	noemotion	blog
14009	Further to that by the way, I did speak to him about it further when he said My new food is making me feel really healthy - yes considering he'd eated two meals of it, and then gone out to dinner, and Friday was going out to lunch with a friend.	disgust	blog
14010	He's paying $250 a week to eat food, and then eat again.	disgust	blog
14011	But I asked him about WHY he doesn't cook for himself, and he said he just doesn't have enough time.	noemotion	blog
14012	The look on my face I think said it all.	noemotion	blog
14013	This is the man who gets into the office at 10:30am, leaves by 3pm, takes 20minutes to get to the office, dry cleans all his clothes, has a cleaner, doesn't have a wife or family to chase after - and he doesn't have time?I explained that I travel 1.5 hours each way, every day to go to work, I go to the gym more than he does, I cook my meals, I have a life, and I have a house to look after.	disgust	blog
14014	I choose to do more important things with my time.	noemotion	blog
14015	Let me see - golf, sitting on a beach drinking coffee, bitching about money, being a complete elitest snob.	disgust	blog
14016	great life choices right there.	joy	blog
14017	no wonder he doesn't have a girlfrend if his definition of more important things than actually looking after yourself like an adult isn't important enough.	disgust	blog
14018	I think though, what pisses me most off about the food delivery issue - is that he has chosen the easy I don't have to do anything option.	anger	blog
14019	If I could afford the food, I would probably do it myself, but Jenny Craig was expensive enough, and that was $100 a week, not $250, and I didn't have a mortgage then.	noemotion	blog
14020	But since he has chosen this option, it's just really irritating me, because he has no concept of a weight problem - he just is lazy.	disgust	blog
14021	He could EASILY cook his own food - his kitchen probably cost more than half my house.	disgust	blog
14022	Sorry for the ranting post, but I'm just really annoyed that here I am, struggling with all my internal demons about my weight loss, and someone like this, with no concept of struggle, can just pay someone to lose it for him.	anger	blog
14023	She slams on her brakes, stops her car, right in front of me, in the middle of the street, and gets out.	fear	blog
14024	Then she comes up to me and starts yelling at me.	anger	blog
14025	YOU LIKE ALMOST HIT ME OMG. she said, tossing her dyed blonde hair like an enraged horse, nostrils flaring.	anger	blog
14026	I'm not very nice, not when facing death.	fear	blog
14027	OMFG if there is like damage.	noemotion	blog
14028	 She threatened.	fear	blog
14029	I must admit, I was kind of fascinated by the way her eyes, rimmed in black eyeliner, managed to stay so wide open like that.	surprise	blog
14030	Finally I got fed up.	disgust	blog
14031	THis was when the Princess turned into some sort of psychobitch from hell.	anticipation	blog
14032	Now, people are already honking and stuff because her daddy's lexus is blocking the intersection.	anger	blog
14033	I got mad.	anger	blog
14034	Now, when one says you, hit like a girl take it as a compliment.	joy	blog
14035	I hit that bitch so hard.	anger	blog
14036	hey, she assulted me. in the middle of an intersection.	anger	blog
14037	and I was on a fucking BIKE.	anger	blog
14038	must have been a dye job gone HELLA bad.	disgust	blog
14039	And I found out in the most annoying way.	disgust	blog
14040	I woke up on Wednesday morning, bright and early as I do to go into work/uni.	anticipation	blog
14041	I walked over to the heater as the first port of call and was very surprised when 'oh!' it wouldn't turn on.	surprise	blog
14042	Now I thought at first that maybe it had broken the night before, after I'd gone to bed or something.	noemotion	blog
14043	Trying to turn it back on only got me another automatic trip as lights flashed on for a brief moment, and then suddenly back off.	disgust	blog
14044	Grrrr - I then spent the next 10 minutes or so turning everything off in the house, switching the safety switch back on, and then sequentially turning everything back on until the safety was tripped.	anger	blog
14045	We thought for a while about what to do, not really being able to afford either a new fridge OR to fix this one.	sadness	blog
14046	At first one of my housemates thought about possibly buying a new fridge for themselves, but that idea was sadly left behind due to monetary issues.	sadness	blog
14047	In then end my other housemate's lovely girlfriend love you heaps babes.	joy	blog
14048	offered to give us her fridge woooo!.	joy	blog
14049	So, we've now gone over 48 hours without a fridge hate to think what half our food is like in there.	disgust	blog
14050	but will joyfully be picking the other one up today.	joy	blog
14051	In other news I have 6 days to go including today before I leave.	anticipation	blog
14052	As we wrote in a recent posting, even in a favorable political climate Democratic candidates face a significant challenge in turning out their base voters.	noemotion	blog
14053	Despite widespread dissatisfaction among Democrats with the Bush administration and overall Republican governance, we detect no real signs so far at least in Harris County of a groundswell to actually vote in November.	noemotion	blog
14054	An oft-repeated notion in recent weeks, however, has been that this year Republicans too will have a difficult time turning out their party faithful on November 7th.	noemotion	blog
14055	The argument goes that anger nationally over rising gas prices and health care costs, a protracted, expensive war with no conclusion in sight, and a perception among religious conservatives that George W. Bush has failed to deliver on the social issues that motivate them has taken a toll with GOP base voters.	noemotion	blog
14056	As noted in the latest issue of US News World Report, new polling has Republican insiders feeling pretty darn good about turning out their folks this fall, with confidence that they will vote to return their party's elected officials to power.	noemotion	blog
14057	The article cites a recent strategic memo to national GOP Party Chair Ken Mehlman from Market Strategies, which highlights polling granted, six-week old polling showing the base is in line and ready to hit the polls.	noemotion	blog
14058	Obviously no way to tell at this point, but any Democratic victory strategy that assumes weak Republican turnout as a key to winning is folly.	disgust	blog
14059	In other words, the mantra for Democratic candidates this political season: persuade everyone you can, turn out your base, and assume all the other guy's usual folks will vote.	trust	blog
14060	In other words Democrats, work like hell until November 7th.	noemotion	blog
14061	with a smile ofcourse.	joy	blog
14062	ive come to realise also how different i am with him.	surprise	blog
14063	not different me or anything, different in how i am in OUR relationship, compared to my others.	noemotion	blog
14064	and we're both being the best we can for each other, and it shows, and it pays off.	joy	blog
14065	we're friends and lovers and everything inbetween that.	joy	blog
14066	we have come such a far way in such a short time and i look forward to every other moment i will share with him.	joy	blog
14067	i am his all his already, i know this and i hope he does too.	trust	blog
14068	i want to be everything he needs and more.	joy	blog
14069	and ive learned from my past relationship what to do and what not to do and watching what i say and how i say it and.	noemotion	blog
14070	i duno, im kinda losing track of wht i want to say here.	noemotion	blog
14071	so no i wont have my head too high up my ass about it, but im noot going to sit here and think/dread it everyday either.	noemotion	blog
14072	i will cherish him ad love him and let him know im there and i care for him everyday that we have together.	joy	blog
14073	its completely unlike anything i had with chris, rerally, but jamie has a lot of personality like chris did.	noemotion	blog
14074	stephen was a little abusive, mainly with words and feelings directed at me / to make me feel bad.	fear	blog
14075	chris had a problem with words too,and his anger.	anger	blog
14076	he could car eless about anything and everything as long as he got his way everything was alright.	disgust	blog
14077	other than that hed get offended or pissed off or ignorant about it.	anger	blog
14078	stupid ass hole.	disgust	blog
14079	gudam, why did i waste so much time on his sorry ass.	disgust	blog
14080	oh yeh, i was sub-conciously restraining myself and waiting for Jamie >happy~.	joy	blog
14081	After church I went to one of my best friend's house for lunch.	joy	blog
14082	I saw the guy I went to a dance with once back at school there at her house.	noemotion	blog
14083	Haven't seen him in ages.	surprise	blog
14084	Hm, was a bit weird.	disgust	blog
14085	We had a good lunch with Gino Genelli ice-cream.	joy	blog
14086	However you spell the Genelli part Ah, we talked about Anri's ex and her mom mentioned how Anri was angry with her dad the one time the ex visited, cos her dad kept him busy most of the day.	noemotion	blog
14087	Anyhow her dad asked her then at the table but why would you be angry with your dad.	anger	blog
14088	Whahahaha I nearly cracked myself and don't think I didn't blush.	joy	blog
14089	Everyone at the table was giggeling.	joy	blog
14090	Then Anri wanted to go the beach, cos she just visited for the weekend and has to go back to where she studies in another suburb like hunderds of km's away from the ocean.	noemotion	blog
14091	We went in my car, cos apparently I have music.	noemotion	blog
14092	That be the only reason, cos everyone is scared of driving with me.  >.> Don't ask.	fear	blog
14093	We sat on the beach and mostly I felt like sleeping.	noemotion	blog
14094	I took photo's of this little girl swimming in the ocean.	noemotion	blog
14095	The water is freezing cold by the way and it is winter and we sat there dressed warmly.	noemotion	blog
14096	Somehow Anri got the idea in her head that I had to go test the water so that she can take photo's and like that was not enough I had to throw Baywatch moves.	noemotion	blog
14097	Funny photo's came out there.	joy	blog
14098	I wanted to take photo's of Kiteboarders, but there were none.	sadness	blog
14099	happy/ And some guy on a prepelled engine driven kite thing that was in the air.	joy	blog
14100	I would like to just walk around or sit somewhere where lotsa people are and take photo's of them, especially like action photo's.	other	blog
14101	cake ^.^ ICE-CREAM.	joy	blog
14102	Coffeee and dark chocolate.	noemotion	blog
14103	Lizelle wanted to go to the movies and I wanted to go to church and Anri I don't know what.	other	blog
14104	Really sad how we can actually sit and wonder in your one hand is God and the other hand is a movie.	sadness	blog
14105	Non-christians, don't worry about this part I am just expressing my thoughts, doesn't mean I don't accept you still as a person, just kinda thinking out loud to people that believe the same as me. Hmmm.	noemotion	blog
14106	so we went and it was nice to be there.	joy	blog
14107	Anri promised to come to my house after the movie to keep me awake while I work.	anticipation	blog
14108	Didn't think she would do it, but hey.	surprise	blog
14109	I sat there drawing and uhm the phone rang and it was the police.	surprise	blog
14110	I want to pose a serious question to anyone out there that chooses to read this.	noemotion	blog
14111	If you were given the choice between life and death, which one would you choose.	anticipation	blog
14112	No, I'm not a stupid chick for those of you that may be wondering.	anger	blog
14113	The choice does seem quite  obvious to me.  But what if you knew you were gonna die, like possibly sooner than later, for whatever reason.	fear	blog
14114	I have a friend that is gonna die, probably sooner than later, and I was  angry because some of the choices he has made in the last few years have cut his time down to virtually nothing.	anger	blog
14115	The whole world and it's endless possibilities are  stretched out before you.	anticipation	blog
14116	You have wonderful friends that love and cherish you.	joy	blog
14117	All you have to do is decide which opportunity you would like to take advantage of first.	anticipation	blog
14118	Then things start to take a turn in an unexpected direction.	surprise	blog
14119	Think constant arguing,  lies and deception, money mismanagement, and infidelity.	disgust	blog
14120	You figure, 'Hey, I might as well use this opportunity to see the world, make some money, and get an education and a marketable skill.'.	joy	blog
14121	So you make an appointment with a recruiter for an interview and physical.	noemotion	blog
14122	Everything goes well with the interview.	joy	blog
14123	The recruiter tells you that the technology field in which you are interested is growing rapidly and there are all types of jobs available that you can parlay into a lucrative career once you retire from the service.	anticipation	blog
14124	You leave there with a renewed sense of purpose and vow to take full advantage of this experience.	joy	blog
14125	You go home, wait two weeks, then return to the recruiter's office for the results of your background check and physical.	anticipation	blog
14126	The recruiter comes in the office with a look of sadness and disappointment.	sadness	blog
14127	You think to yourself that maybe you had too many traffic tickets, or maybe there was something small in your past that has presented you from being selected to join the military.	sadness	blog
14128	The look on the recruiter's face is unmistakable.	noemotion	blog
14129	You begin to prepare yourself to hear bad news and immediately go into self preservation mode to plan out your next move.	fear	blog
14130	He begins to speak while you're planning, I'm sorry to have to tell you thisok, I can move back home for a while and go back to school and work on my degree.	noemotion	blog
14131	, but we won't be able to welcome you into the Armed Forcesor I could do some traveling and explore the country.	noemotion	blog
14132	We have the results from your physicalI know, I'm gonna do some volunteer work with kids in the community.	noemotion	blog
14133	This is the story as it was given to me, and when I heard it I was pissed.	anger	blog
14134	But he assured me that he had used a condom and that I was the only one that he was having unprotected sex with.	disgust	blog
14135	So imagine my surprise  when I was about to engage in activities with him and saw an of color coming from you know where.	surprise	blog
14136	She then tells me that she's gonna test me for gonorrhea, but also that she's gonna have to test me for HIV.	fear	blog
14137	I'm like, For what.	noemotion	blog
14138	She tells me that if I was with a person that was infected with gonorrhea, what makes me think that person didn't have anything else.	disgust	blog
14139	Really, what did make me think that.	noemotion	blog
14140	I would have given this man, who obviously had little regard for me, my life in exchange for his bullshit and lies.	disgust	blog
14141	Fortunately, my test results came back negative for both gonorrhea and HIV.	joy	blog
14142	I was of course thankful, but I realized something very important during that time.	joy	blog
14143	I realized that my life belongs to me.  Fuck the bullshit.	anticipation	blog
14144	The second reason I was pissed was because not only was my friend is dying from this disease and has had it the entire time that we have been friends, but to my knowledge has not taken the appropriate care of himself that a person with HIV should be taking.	anger	blog
14145	He never went to see an infectious disease specialist.	noemotion	blog
14146	He never took any medications other than a multi-vitamin.	noemotion	blog
14147	He partied just as hard as I did, drank and smoked just as much weed as me.  So after I learned of his condition, I thought to myself, Is my friend trying to die.	sadness	blog
14148	When we first became friends he was an athelete, so he was pretty fit for the most part.	noemotion	blog
14149	I had never known to do much of anything unhealthy and  he was one of those health conscious, work out fanatics.	trust	blog
14150	Maybe he maintained that lifestyle in the beginning because he thought that  he could somehow combat his illness this way.	noemotion	blog
14151	I wonder what changed his mind about that.	noemotion	blog
14152	Could it be that he realized that no matter what he did, there was nothing that would get rid of his disease, so he lived and played hard and masked his pain with lots of partying, drugs, and lots of random, annonymous sex.	sadness	blog
14153	I've asked him about this, and he has never really given me an answer.	noemotion	blog
14154	But I think about it alot, and I wonder exactly when did he decide to die.	sadness	blog
14155	I wonder how many other people have made the same decision that he made.	anticipation	blog
14156	I wonder what choices I would have made differently had that nurse from the clinic given me different results.	noemotion	blog
14157	Would you choose to live, or would you choose to die.	other	blog
14158	The question itself is mostly rhetorical, presented to raise awareness and provoke thought moreso than response.	noemotion	blog
14159	However, if you are so compelled to do so, please leave your thoughts and comments.	noemotion	blog
14160	im going to be trashed.	anger	blog
14161	even tho i have work on monday which is my bday cause shop rite sucks my dick.	anger	blog
14162	im usually always so pumped for my bday.	anticipation	blog
14163	but right now its just reminding me that everyones leaving me.	sadness	blog
14164	i seriously dont know what i am going to do at all.	sadness	blog
14165	it just sucks when everything youve known for years just disappears.	sadness	blog
14166	i miss myrtle beach.	sadness	blog
14167	i cried on the way home from myrtle.	sadness	blog
14168	im hearbroken /3.	sadness	blog
14169	i just do not want to live at home anymore.	sadness	blog
14170	good b/c i def dont have the money to move out right now.	joy	blog
14171	bad b/c i want to move out mother eff.	anger	blog
14172	maybe things wont be so bad.	anticipation	blog
14173	then convince someone to move out with me.	anticipation	blog
14174	since everyone i wanted to get an apt with is now moving 29857938475 miles away all b/c of a freaking deadline.	disgust	blog
14175	Well, I'm surprised that I actually found it.	surprise	blog
14176	Jake's directions to the schools LJ account was wrong.	noemotion	blog
14177	so I searched for it and finally found it.	joy	blog
14178	You can't trust Jake's directions to his own bathroom in his own dorm room.	disgust	blog
14179	I so missed all the cool people I met at SHS.	sadness	blog
14180	I've been thinking a great deal about the importance of ritual.	noemotion	blog
14181	Not religious ritual like baptism or societal ritual like shaking hands, but personal ritual.	noemotion	blog
14182	I've been wondering which aspects of a behavior determine whether it's ritual or rut.	noemotion	blog
14183	And how I can possibly develop more rituals and fewer ruts in my life.	sadness	blog
14184	This has all come about because lately, I've been thinking about the Big Picture.	noemotion	blog
14185	The same thought keeps coming back to me: I lived my first 40 years largely as a leaf, blowing about in the wind.	sadness	blog
14186	Like that bag in American Beauty.	noemotion	blog
14187	I want the next 40 years to be lived on purpose.	anticipation	blog
14188	One of my most surprising observations about this whole ritual thing is how much easier it was to establish new rituals when I was on location, as opposed to being at home.	surprise	blog
14189	And, the corollary: how easy it is to slip into old habits, once back at home.	surprise	blog
14190	[It makes sense that there is concern for addicts or alcoholics who successfully gets straight or sober some place other than where they live.	noemotion	blog
14191	and then eventually have to return home to old triggers.	sadness	blog
14192	That, and they may not be exactly great for you.	disgust	blog
14193	I'm not advocating all-structure, all-the-time or anything.	noemotion	blog
14194	But I do know the perils of a life devoid of ritual.	noemotion	blog
14195	I'd like to say that my rituals are more active and crunchy.	noemotion	blog
14196	but alas, they aren't yet.	noemotion	blog
14197	Here are some rituals I HAVE managed to cultivate:.	noemotion	blog
14198	* Every day when I come home from work, the first thing I do is put on my pajamas.	noemotion	blog
14199	but when I started thinking about things I do regularly that I enjoy, that's definitely one of them.	joy	blog
14200	* A ritual I absolutely adore is going to the outdoor screenings at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery during the summer.	joy	blog
14201	There are all sorts of mini-rituals that go into this regular event, including the collection of picnic dinner items and the precision methodology by which one gets the perfect spot on the lawn.	noemotion	blog
14202	* When I'm NOT working, I have been known to take myself to brunch on the weekends: just me and whatever novel I'm currently enjoying.	joy	blog
14203	Maybe after this show ends, I'll be able to start a new garden.	anticipation	blog
14204	This is not good.	sadness	blog
14205	When I imagine the rituals of others, things like a daily, morning run something hard for me to fathom, I admit, meditation, feeding the ducks on Thursdays, after-dinner strolls with your family, poker night, date night.	noemotion	blog
14206	and the like are what come to mind.	noemotion	blog
14207	* I'm happy to taste any new flavor of ice cream I love to try new flavors!, but when it comes to ordering, it's always Mint Chip.	joy	blog
14208	* My fear of insomnia keeps me from going to bed when I'm really tired.	fear	blog
14209	Anyway, I don't want to sully this post with MY list of rituals and ruts.	noemotion	blog
14210	The image of cartoonist after cartoonist sitting at folding tables selling comic books is truly a pathetic one.	disgust	blog
14211	It can be ego-crushing when no one comes to buy anything.	sadness	blog
14212	- Bart Beaty, whom I had the pleasure of meeting at the show, from his Conversational Eurocomics column on what SPX could learn from some European conventions.	joy	blog
14213	I really enjoyed myself at SPX, that delightsome Bethesda megamall of rare and exclusive purchases and the men and women who brought the wares about.	joy	blog
14214	Don't sweat it, that's just my perception: I traveled the hour and a half trip down on Saturday with American Hero Chris Mautner he attained that storied status by agreeing to drive, arrived a half-hour after the doors opened, stayed until 5:30, then went right back home.	noemotion	blog
14215	That means I didn't see the Ignatz Awards, didn't partake of any post-show gatherings, and missed a big chunk of panels.	disgust	blog
14216	My SPX, in other words, was full of shopping and stalking the aisles.	noemotion	blog
14217	I met an awful lot of fine creators, but I hated taking up much of their table time; heaven knows by the afternoon there's a swarm of people waiting to trudge through the byways between tables, and one thousand distractions to attend to.	sadness	blog
14218	I'd never been to a comics show in my life, so I'd not known any SPX other than what was presented to me there: a pretty swank hotel, a table to pay at in the hall outside, and big ballroom with everyone selling everything inside, and a bunch of other rooms to have educational and informative events in, though all of those were down the hall, around the bend, and down an escalator.	disgust	blog
14219	Still, the separation-by-floor carried a certain symbolism for me when coupled with the atmosphere; upstairs was the carnival of monies and tables, downstairs were the talks and trophies.	joy	blog
14220	Upstairs there were masses of shoppers with bags and backpacks and totes, cookies and candies and muffins on certain tables to attract attention, and even a pair of folks operating hand puppets to entice a stray passerby.	joy	blog
14221	Downstairs there were hushed people crouched before open doors, the portals leading to capacity talks.	noemotion	blog
14222	All of it in a building off the highway, malls and fences and the whipping metal sea of vehicles all around it.	noemotion	blog
14223	To say there was no color at all would be misleading, since it was a nice day and there were a number of trees and things, but I did not detect any local pulse at all.	surprise	blog
14224	I went out for lunch with Chris and Gina Gagliano of First Second; food became curiously hard to find within hiking distance in the interests of full disclosure, my mastery of direction also had us walking the wrong way for a good while.	sadness	blog
14225	After we passed by a large parking lot promising a furniture blowout sale, as well as a haunted attraction and possibly ponies or something in the back, we decided to turn around and stop at a little diner we'd passed on the way.	joy	blog
14226	We hurried back from the gray highway to the center of comics and people, followed close behind by haunted ponies who'd just bought cheap Barcaloungers for their ghost stable and were now jonesing for independent comics.	noemotion	blog
14227	I love walking around for things to buy, and traveling less than two hours to arrive at the comics spread of my dreams won't raise too many personal hackles, let me tell you.	joy	blog
14228	I also made it a point to say hello to everyone there with whom I'd ever communicated on the internet, though I couldn't find anyone matching Johanna Draper Carlson's description and I totally missed Douglas Wolk.	noemotion	blog
14229	I'm also really glad I had Chris with me, since he knew a lot of faces that I didn't; he made a fine guide, though one of us would occasionally wander away from the other in the vein of the old NES version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, though I'm unsure as to which one of us was Bob Hoskins.	joy	blog
14230	Actually, I think maybe the best thing about SPX is how everyone is kind of pressed together, comics placed near one another seemingly without much concern for subject matter coherency I heard it was a bit different in prior years, with multiple selling rooms and all; if the creators in attendance and the books on display weren't a comprehensive picture of English-language non-superhero comics, there was at least enough diversity to manage the illusion of comprehensiveness.	joy	blog
14231	A diverse audience too, everything from young to old, from old-school nerds to stylish-looking folk, from aged hippies to teenage Goths.	joy	blog
14232	To look only at this crowd, you'd imagine that there was no question as to the diversity of the comics-reading audience.	noemotion	blog
14233	There was nowhere to sit in the former, since I got there late, so I sort of drifted in and out of hearing distance.	noemotion	blog
14234	At one point, McCloud began vigorously drawing a chart to illustrate different types of artists, all the while telling stories of the message board clashes between forces on places like the Comics Journal board.	joy	blog
14235	Someone behind me turned to someone else and whispered It's just like Civil War.	noemotion	blog
14236	Afterward a solid half-hour afterward, I believe, McCloud could be seen out in the hallway, taking questions from anyone who happened to want to talk to him away from the bustle of his table upstairs.	noemotion	blog
14237	The Chippendale talk was different, a highly entertaining, digression-prone ramble by the artist through his history and procedure, moderated by Dan Nadel and with extra bonus contributions from Brian Ralph, who was seated in the back of the room.	joy	blog
14238	Nobody was particularly brusque at SPX, at least from among the artists, but I found Chippendale to be consistently the most emphatic and friendly creator around.	joy	blog
14239	And I bought a good deal of stuff too.	noemotion	blog
14240	I tried to follow Tom's rule of not buying anything on my first trip around the room, but that didn't quite hold.	noemotion	blog
14241	I managed to get through the whole show without finding anything I really wanted sold out, however, and I only had to stand in the Line of Shame at the ATM once.	sadness	blog
14242	Abraxas and the Earthman by Rick Veitch debuted at the show, a collection of the Epic Illustrated serial; an additional collection of Veitch's short comics from the same venue is coming soon.	joy	blog
14243	Awakening Comics #1-2 by Steve Peters friends I reviewed his The Origin of Sparky a few weeks ago; having walked away from the table, and indeed the entire convention, I suddenly realized that I'd forgotten to actually tell Steve Peters who I was - another triumph of intellect.	joy	blog
14244	Cinema Sewer #19 edited by Robin Bougie new issue of the funny, comics-heavy pamphlet-format magazine devoted entirely to the finest in exploitation and pornographic film - a creator's personality-powered publication, and I assure you that Robin Bougie is in real life exactly the way he portrays himself in the mag.	noemotion	blog
14245	Cold Heat #1-2 of 12 by Ben Jones Frank Santoro #2 debuted at the show; the odd, semi-abstract fantasy/action book that Diamond initially disliked a while back, complaining of its format despite the fact that it's 100% a serialized pamphlet-format comic.	disgust	blog
14246	Comics Comics #1-2 edited by Timothy Hodler Dan Nadel I mentioned this yesterday, but didn't note that I also got a hard copy of issue #1.	noemotion	blog
14247	Ed the Happy Clown #2 of 9 by Chester Brown the one I was missing - who says you can't score back-issues at these things?.	noemotion	blog
14248	Fuzz Pluck in Splitsville #4 of 5 by Ted Stearn surely I can't be the only fan of the mighty Fuzz Pluck; still, I've never seen this in a store, though Fantagraphics had it at their table.	joy	blog
14249	2 #1: Heavy Metal by various from House of Twelve, a free giveaway show debut, parodying the original movie version of the magazine.	noemotion	blog
14250	New Tales of Old Palomar #1 of 3 by Gilbert Hernandez new miniseries of stand-alone tales, presented in the Ignatz format, debuting at a show featuring the Ignatz Awards; I remember when this was first released I heard it was going to be titled simply 'New Palomar' like it was New X-Men.	noemotion	blog
14251	Ninja by Brian Chippendale debuted at the show, probably the book of the show, and I've gushed enough already; when I went to Rick Veitch's table, he became momentarily transfixed with the transfixed and murmured I want to make a book like this.	joy	blog
14252	Paping #11 by various older issue of a deluxe anthology by some interesting-looking creators; the real showpiece was issue #14, with its solid wood covers and impressive prints 'n comics mishmash interior, the whole thing bound by red shoelaces; I just didn't have the roughly $30 needed to spend on it by that point in the show, though.	sadness	blog
14253	Project: Romantic by various debuted at the show, the newest in AdHouse's Project series of anthologies, this one strictly devoted to romance comics.	joy	blog
14254	Pulphope.A by Paul Pope a show exclusive, I think; not the full Pope art book coming soon from AdHouse, but a 200 copy ashcan with some exclusive stuff.	noemotion	blog
14255	Kelly's Trapped in the Closet Starring Batman Abridged by K. Thor Jensen a reenactment of the continuing American epic, with members of the Batman cast playing each role.	noemotion	blog
14256	So it was a nice trip.	joy	blog
14257	A lot of good things to have, and good hands to shake.	joy	blog
14258	I hope to do it again, and add on a few more convention experience points.	joy	blog
14259	No, it's alright, I've had a lot of time to come to terms with this.	noemotion	blog
14260	Some of my girlfriends have found it a little strange; I think it's one of the reasons they break up with me in the end, as if they need anymore reasons.	sadness	blog
14261	Because I can't just have a bedroom with bookshelves and dressers, or everyone would know something was wrong with me. And there is something wrong with me, but I just can't figure it out.	sadness	blog
14262	To try and remedy this, I spend my nights reading.	noemotion	blog
14263	I just finished a book about the importance of dreams.	noemotion	blog
14264	But it was a good read, and if I did have a dream where I had sex with my mother, well, now I'd know what it means.	joy	blog
14265	I guess it's hard to read about a condition when you don't know the name of it.	noemotion	blog
14266	I didn't always have this problem.	noemotion	blog
14267	Actually, I don't remember much about my childhood.	sadness	blog
14268	All this not sleeping has a terrible way of playing with your memory.	fear	blog
14269	I don't only feel like the days stretch on interminably.	noemotion	blog
14270	Just me in my room, reading my books and wondering what life would be like if I slept.	anticipation	blog
14271	Do I go to work again tomorrow morning.	noemotion	blog
14272	It's Sunday, but tomorrow might be a holiday.	noemotion	blog
14273	But I think I work on that holiday.	noemotion	blog
14274	It's not like a sleep in on the weekend.	noemotion	blog
14275	I'd tell my doctor, but I don't go to a doctor.	noemotion	blog
14276	I weigh about 180 lbs, I'm about 5', 10, I don't have anything that seems to be wrong with me. I have these weird scars on my neck.	noemotion	blog
14277	And there's the scar on my lip.	noemotion	blog
14278	I would say it was from some drunken night of excess, but I've never blacked out either.	noemotion	blog
14279	Oh, I get drunk, but nothing seems to happen to me where I forget.	noemotion	blog
14280	I remember every second, every horrific moment leaning over a toilet and puking.	disgust	blog
14281	It's unfair that I can remember things like that so well, yet I can't even tell you much about what happened in the rest of my life.	sadness	blog
14282	You'd think that'd be a problem at work, but it's menial stuff.	noemotion	blog
14283	I spend most of my time in my cube typing and filing, thinking about what I read the night before, trying to process it, trying to figure out what is/has been happening to me. Last night, I read As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner.	sadness	blog
14284	A shelf of clouds cover the sky, and Calhoun, choppy from the breeze, glitters only slightly.	noemotion	blog
14285	Soon the lake will be frozen, everyone walking on top of it.	anticipation	blog
14286	I guess it's getting colder, and it's getting to be time for dinner, or far enough after work, or whatever.	noemotion	blog
14287	I, on the other hand, have nothing to go home to.	sadness	blog
14288	I suppose the cold should annoy me. But it doesn't. I begin to take off my shoes.	noemotion	blog
14289	People stare as I dangle my feet into the lake in October.	noemotion	blog
14290	No one is in the lake, and I think everyone thinks something is wrong with me. Something is wrong me, but I still don't know what.	sadness	blog
14291	A person walks by me and says something, but I don't know what, and I'm singing something, but I can't place to tune.	noemotion	blog
14292	Something my mother sang to me to put me to sleep.	noemotion	blog
14293	I don't listen to music, but I know this song.	noemotion	blog
14294	My neck tingles as I hit the water and I sink, blowing bubbles.	surprise	blog
14295	They slowly stop coming out of my mouth, but my neck continues to tingle.	noemotion	blog
14296	For the first time in my life I feel completely normal.	joy	blog
14297	You're going to hear that a lot from me in the coming weeks, I think.	anticipation	blog
14298	What a suck-ass day this turned out to be.	disgust	blog
14299	Work was fucked up.	anger	blog
14300	Like Alice in Wonderland on a bad acid trip fucked up.	disgust	blog
14301	Mind you, I've been treated like the asshole of the house for the past couple of weeks, and I didn't even do anything at all to deserve it.	anger	blog
14302	But it's all good when folks need or want something, isn't it.	joy	blog
14303	And then one of them played a song that made me think of my mom, and suddenly, I'm so depressed that all I want to do is go curl up in a ball and die.	sadness	blog
14304	And now the MAIN instigator in the house has come home.	surprise	blog
14305	This last week at school was nuts- it was the first time that I can remember where I was putting in the hours in the lab, really busting my ass- classes are going well and I feel like it all ties in- which I really like.	joy	blog
14306	I'm sure by now most people heard about the really sad disappearance and murder of Michelle-Gardner Quinn, a UVM student.	sadness	blog
14307	It's pretty awful- there's not much else to say about it.	disgust	blog
14308	I found out about it on the way to Boston this weekend and I was just shocked.	surprise	blog
14309	I transferred from a school in an unsafe part of a city to UVM and found it to be much more laid back and free.	joy	blog
14310	Even just this last week there is a definite change in atmosphere around these parts that is pretty sad.	sadness	blog
14311	I really can't imagine what her family and friends are going through right now because it's a really unnecessary situation- she did not have to die and that's probably the saddest part.	sadness	blog
14312	It was so fun seeing everyone from way back- we ran into Eric and went out to see Michele so it was just so fun.	joy	blog
14313	Work and school are getting a little intense but I've found that I can do it- I just need to stay focused.	surprise	blog
14314	My brother turns 16 on Wednesday how.weird.	noemotion	blog
14315	and I am excited about the little booger haha.	anticipation	blog
14316	Last week was so busy that I just TRASHED it.	sadness	blog
14317	It needs a serious pick up and vacuum.	disgust	blog
14318	My mom would be so proud of me.	joy	blog
14319	no easy transition into this weather; it felt more like winter than fall up on the trail.	surprise	blog
14320	i didn't see her on Wednesday so i was surprised to find her at the shelter this morning.	surprise	blog
14321	once we got a the top of the trail and started to head down some spastic switch got turned on because she started acting a jumpy, darting all over the place, picking up stones, randomly chewing on tree roots, etc. she probably wanted to play but there's not much room for that on the trail especially on the way down a steep trail.	noemotion	blog
14322	i was surprised to see her sitting so still; spastic switch must have been turned off.	surprise	blog
14323	T started off with Smiley; a 2-3 year-old shepard-pitbull mix.	noemotion	blog
14324	he was a stray, found wandering Discovery Park.	noemotion	blog
14325	he has a bad left eye which i don't think he has any vision.	noemotion	blog
14326	during the run we were calling him Lance since he was nameless because when he was laying on his back in the grass he would kick his legs like he was riding a bike; i wrote this stuff down on his sheet but i guess the officer's didn't like the name.	noemotion	blog
14327	It was fun-filled.	joy	blog
14328	I didn't even think about what I was wearing or anything and just left.	noemotion	blog
14329	His dad didn't mind us taking pictures but I think this boy did.	noemotion	blog
14330	super hilarious! Oh well~ He was one coolio child.	joy	blog
14331	It was like 8 in the morning and so.	noemotion	blog
14332	SO, this is where we begin our journey.	anticipation	blog
14333	Thousands and thousands of people attended.	noemotion	blog
14334	Along the way, Christina, Kevan, Eff, and I played the alphabet game like in a gazillion different versions.	noemotion	blog
14335	Two hours with Kevan, I should get credit for surviving that long with that nerd.	disgust	blog
14336	Eff questions how the belt keeps up his pants.	noemotion	blog
14337	Mr. Fortune Cookie, you are the bomb-diggity.	joy	blog
14338	Daos, you guys complete me. super hilarious.	joy	blog
14339	super hilarious! Yes people, he was baring a child, and then someone popped it.	joy	blog
14340	Interact ended up being a whole ton better than I had expected.	joy	blog
14341	That's all for now, I have homework.	noemotion	blog
14342	watching Mother Nature's lightshow, I see.	noemotion	blog
14343	enormous mounds of gray cotton batting clouds, only momentarily visible as they are back-lit by silent, random flashbulbs.	noemotion	blog
14344	The sand wrapping my feet is now warmer than the air.	noemotion	blog
14345	I stretch my arms out as far as they will reach just as the first drum rolls of thunder pound my ears.	noemotion	blog
14346	Slightly swaying with the breeze, I can feel the deep vibration moving through me.  around me.  and away.	joy	blog
14347	Being the tallest object on the beach in a thunderstorm and living to write about it.	surprise	blog
14348	Although my brother likes to point out the fact that every day for me is a weekend.	noemotion	blog
14349	Regardless of my temporal status as far as my brother is concerned, time still moves ahead at a frighteningly rapid pace.	fear	blog
14350	Speaking of time, this morning amazon dot com and myself transacted some by business.	noemotion	blog
14351	I ordered the first season of Doctor Who on DVD.	anticipation	blog
14352	No, not the new first season, the William Hartnell black and white forty years ago suck it I'm the first Doctor first season.	noemotion	blog
14353	Once I have them all then I think I'll start on Blackadder.	noemotion	blog
14354	I'm sorry but British television rules.	joy	blog
14355	I spent the majority of the day up in Madison hi Robby, I would have waved but I'm not sure where your house is.	noemotion	blog
14356	Their historical society was having a century home tour as a fund raiser and my mother wanted to go.	noemotion	blog
14357	I assumed that with my niece in New York and my sister working a weekend job to keep her there that it would just be my mother and I; little did I know that she invited my sister-in-law to accompany us.	surprise	blog
14358	Spending quality time with my sister-in-law is. different.	noemotion	blog
14359	This coming week I intend to get serious about my real estate venture by establishing a revolving line of credit at the bank.	anticipation	blog
14360	I am actively seeking foreclosures and other deals, however, if I find one I want to get the financing out of the way to allow me to move quickly.	noemotion	blog
14361	It's not so much a matter of the early bird getting the worm as it is the procrastinating bird getting splattered by the semi out on I-90.	disgust	blog
14362	Well, we're half-way through our trip.	noemotion	blog
14363	I can't believe it.	surprise	blog
14364	We're planning on staying two nights in Venice.	anticipation	blog
14365	There is a church or ruins everywhere you look.	noemotion	blog
14366	To enter the Museums it was about a two hour wait.	noemotion	blog
14367	The lines around the wall was insanely long.	disgust	blog
14368	In October the Museums close quite early 1:20pm, so by the time we got in we didn't have a whole lot of time to see things.	sadness	blog
14369	I would have loved to see the Library, but we didn't get to it.	sadness	blog
14370	After eating a quick meal we walked around the outside of the wall trying to find St. Peter's Basilica.	anticipation	blog
14371	We walked around pretty much the entire city until we found it.	anticipation	blog
14372	Again, we stood in line to enter the church.	anticipation	blog
14373	Didn't have to wait too long, though.	noemotion	blog
14374	I can't believe they do that.	surprise	blog
14375	So anyway, Rome in general was loud, dirty and absolutely chock-full of people and cars and bikes.	disgust	blog
14376	The city really is like a human being, especially in the morning as you watch and hear it begin to awaken.	noemotion	blog
14377	I've been trying not to think about my life back home, but sometimes it sneaks in, uninvited.	sadness	blog
14378	Should I take the job Jamie offered me? Should I stay in Salem.	noemotion	blog
14379	what really happened was that an earthquake started and instead of waking up first i incorporated it into a dream where i was watching a documentary about earthquakes and they were recounting some classic earthquake showing how it would pulse stronger and stronger.	noemotion	blog
14380	i was very attentive, and it didn't seem like she was gonna break, so i just stayed there and eventually it stopped and i passed out again.	sadness	blog
14381	then he calls again and, knowing that's the international sign for pick up the frickin' phone, i picked it up thinkin' there was something wrong with him.	anger	blog
14382	his gf 's mom had called him.	noemotion	blog
14383	eitherw ay, finally got up for a while after talkin to him and my sis and mom, listened to the radio for a little while on my MP3 player cause the power was knocked out and it was all fine.	noemotion	blog
14384	so i went back to sleep till noon, took beau for a walk, surfed for four hours, cooked in the dark, read by candlelight for a little while, adn then the power came back on so i could watch tv.	noemotion	blog
14385	all my plans were shot to shit cause the cell waves were all packed and i couldn't get in touch with my friends very well.	anger	blog
14386	and there was a storm at the same time so that didn't help.	fear	blog
14387	useless day.	disgust	blog
14388	then i needed a drink and naturally don't have beer, and i expected all the beer at the supermarket to be warm.	anticipation	blog
14389	oh, earthquake was rated highest at a 6.6.	fear	blog
14390	definitely in the audible range and very regular.	noemotion	blog
14391	an avalanche movie sounds or rock slide.	noemotion	blog
14392	or how they make them sound in movies.	noemotion	blog
14393	the amount of energy required to move that much mass SUSTAINED at such a high frequency is ridiculous.	surprise	blog
14394	Earlier this week, Karina had invited me over to her townhouse.	anticipation	blog
14395	She said that Kubik would be hanging out, and I could come if I wanted.	noemotion	blog
14396	I got there a little after 7, Project Runway reruns playing on Bravo, and I asked, Where's Kubik? because she's usually very punctual.	surprise	blog
14397	I take a seat in the armchair across from Karina, and while she's talking, a face appears in the window behind her, grinning and waving enthusiastically.	surprise	blog
14398	Kubik gets a plate for her Chipotle burrito, and I ask for tea to dilute the effects of the two cups of coffee I had earlier.	noemotion	blog
14399	Karina prepared a plate of 3 cheeses, red peppers, crackers, and we settle in front of the TV for some Project Runway.	noemotion	blog
14400	Original plan was to watch Brokeback Mountain, but I saw that 1962 version of The Manchurian Candidate is on, and ask if we can watch that.	anticipation	blog
14401	The two of them watch it, I half watch the movie while reading the newspaper, sometimes out loud, but Kubik complains, SOMEONE IS TALKING while I'm trying to watch a movie! but Karina defends me, You're one to talk.	anger	blog
14402	This is too intense, with Karina asking if she needs to step outside.	surprise	blog
14403	We watch Project Runway, but the repetition of the same 5 commercials becomes old fast.	disgust	blog
14404	Around 1 pm, Karina tells us that we need to leave because it's late.	noemotion	blog
14405	As I'm walking to the metro station, a teenage boy in his mixed group of 4 or 5 friends hanging outside yells, I like your haircut! and I answer, Thanks, while I keep walking having seen Erica and Diana enter a little bit earlier.	noemotion	blog
14406	A compliment from a trendy teenager can brighten up anyone's day.	joy	blog
14407	The three of us find our way to the Spy Museum and I'm surprised by the number of young couples who are there, in addition to the usual elderly tourists and young families.	surprise	blog
14408	I'm the slowest to go through the exhibits, and I soon lose Erica and Diana, occasionally catching up with them when they slow down.	noemotion	blog
14409	The fake vent opens to another part of the exhibit, and I get out.	noemotion	blog
14410	While I'm looking at an exhibit on bugging devices, this kid comes up behind me and hands me the pamphlet, You dropped this.	noemotion	blog
14411	Later, there's a phone booth that rings for visitors to pick up, but our timing is never quite right.	surprise	blog
14412	We stop in the gift shop before heading home.	noemotion	blog
14413	The wind blows strongly outside, and Diana has a hard time pushing open the door, but a 7 or 8 year old boy who's already exited with his family helps her out by pulling while she pushes.	noemotion	blog
14414	I woke up early and checked on my little Chirp.	noemotion	blog
14415	It was cute.	joy	blog
14416	I dipped my finger into the water and she drank the water that collected on it when I put it close to her.	noemotion	blog
14417	She is looking better than she did, but hasn't eaten anything, so I hope she continues to heal.	anticipation	blog
14418	I had to fly out the door this morning and ended up being 10 minutes late for class, but we were doing a group project, so I dived in and did my part.	noemotion	blog
14419	Josh a.k.a the creep, who I'm in the group with, has been tolerable.	noemotion	blog
14420	I think he knows not to cross the line he crossed once before.	noemotion	blog
14421	There wasn't really nothing on campus I could do that I felt like doing.	other	blog
14422	I did spend some time on the Live Journal looking for pictures/ userpics.	noemotion	blog
14423	I love her outfit as well, except I think the laughing after she wins a fight in street fighter is kind of silly, but that's just me. Kikyo, from the Inuyasha series, has been another favorite of mine.	joy	blog
14424	I find myself relating to her alot.	trust	blog
14425	The remake and the character Deunan Knute just engaged me big time, so I had to include some pictures.	joy	blog
14426	Wish I could get that ES.W.A.T uniform she wears.	anticipation	blog
14427	Matt I actually think you may like this one.	joy	blog
14428	So, that's what I did for like a half an hour.	noemotion	blog
14429	Went home and finished the luncheon posters than I had to leave early for my eye appointment.	noemotion	blog
14430	I still have a few other appointments.	noemotion	blog
14431	medical and dental, but I definetly need my loan to secure all my funds.	noemotion	blog
14432	I than went to Office Max and got two jump drives.	noemotion	blog
14433	I think the cashier made a mistake, but I didn't say anything.	surprise	blog
14434	I believe she entered in $17.88, instead of $18.88, so I got an unexpected discount.	surprise	blog
14435	It's a SanDisk Micro 1.0 GB jump drive, so not a bad deal.	joy	blog
14436	Worked out at the YMCA and took a long relaxing shower after a stay in the sauna.	joy	blog
14437	my guy hasn't seen me for about 4 months, so I wanted to look nice.	anticipation	blog
14438	I've not been acting like myself and I know it.	fear	blog
14439	You are the antidote that gets me by.	joy	blog
14440	You were the antidote that got me by.	trust	blog
14441	Mrangelmeg and I took his cousin Lilli to St Meinrad with us on Friday evening for a couple of functions that happened to be going on that evening in conjunction with this semester's lay student class weekend.	noemotion	blog
14442	As I have said before I am happily not taking a class this semester, but these two particular functions were ones that were not to be missed.	joy	blog
14443	The first was the dedication of a painting that was donated to the school by the students of Fr Damien Dietlein OSB, the Old Testament Professor there.	noemotion	blog
14444	The picture is called Exodus and is of Moses and the Israelites crossing the Red Sea, painted by an Ethiopian artist who currently lives in South Dakota.	noemotion	blog
14445	The entire enterprise was done as a surprise to Damo our name for Father and he was genuinely touched and surprised by the affair.	surprise	blog
14446	The other activity was the inaugural session of Theology in the Round, a session intended to bring Seminarians, Lay Students and Alumni together for an evening of discussion surrounding a topic chosen by a guest speaker.	noemotion	blog
14447	The evening's speaker happened to be another of my professors: Fr.	noemotion	blog
14448	Denis Robinson OSB whom I had for Early Church History and had been telling mrangelmeg about for months.	noemotion	blog
14449	His topic was John Henry Newman and Catholic Education.	noemotion	blog
14450	I really wanted mrangelmeg to have a chance to experience Fr.	anticipation	blog
14451	Denis because he is a force with which to be reckoned.	noemotion	blog
14452	After that discussion we spent some time in the little bar on campus which is called the Unstable  Benedictines take a vow of stability, so they call the bar, the Unstable, get it.	joy	blog
14453	visiting with all my friends who are there for class this weekend while I am not.	noemotion	blog
14454	And we got to see the Extreme Makeover Home Edition house in St. Meinrad the town as we drove to the Monastery.	joy	blog
14455	I have to admit, knowing that those of my friends who were there for Fr.	trust	blog
14456	Denis' class on Creed were having a quiz on Heresies in the early church on Saturday morning I was more than happy to be returning home Friday night.	joy	blog
14457	And forget the Internet, where as much as 75% of all information is general nonsense.	disgust	blog
14458	Enter stage left: Daniel's Five Minute Guides.	noemotion	blog
14459	something the Internet has been missing since it was born.	joy	blog
14460	Try out this first primer, a quick five minute guide to learning and loving classical music.	joy	blog
14461	Five minutes is all you need, so grab a glass of your favorite wine, and enjoy your newfound knowledge.	joy	blog
14462	If these prissy little installments are truly helpful, I may just have to take more requests.	surprise	blog
14463	Welcome to the world of classical music.	noemotion	blog
14464	It's my world, a place where music in endless forms and varieties give me an entire lifetime of listening pleasure.	joy	blog
14465	It's the oldest recognized type of music in Western civilization, and it dates back well into the Middle Ages.	joy	blog
14466	Since classical music is the oldest and largest genre of music in existence, let's study this music from one era to the next.	noemotion	blog
14467	Most music historians identify anywhere from four to seven distinct eras in classical music, and since I recognize all seven, let's learn about each one:.	noemotion	blog
14468	Middle Ages 450 A.D. to 1450 A.D: Shortly after the fall of the Roman Empire, the first era of classical music was born.	noemotion	blog
14469	Our first composers were mostly supported by the church surprise!, and religion influenced early classical music more than any other source.	joy	blog
14470	There was no formal system of notation, making composing very difficult and time-consuming.	noemotion	blog
14471	Gregorian chants were written during these ancient times.	noemotion	blog
14472	Renaissance 1450 - 1600: Humans discovered that Earth is not the center of the universe, so classical music changed along with the rest of the arts.	noemotion	blog
14473	Music became more of an expressive art than a science, and music was now being printed, allowing sacred, secular, and instrumental music to spread everywhere.	joy	blog
14474	Governments now influenced the spread of the era's music more than the church.	noemotion	blog
14475	Baroque 1600-1750: The era of Bach, Handel, and Vivaldi saw the development of almost every modern instrument in use today, particularly the violin, clarinet, and piano.	noemotion	blog
14476	Composers developed the idea of the sonata, the concerto, and the symphony, where great performers called virtuosos found enormous success.	joy	blog
14477	Composers used counterpoint, dance rhythms and repetition in their music.	noemotion	blog
14478	Think of this brief period as a launch platform of all the modern music to follow.	anticipation	blog
14479	Anyway, classical music wasn't even called classical music back in this time.	noemotion	blog
14480	You can find nearly all of the most popular composers in this era, namely Mozart and Beethoven both of whom didn't know they were writing classical.	noemotion	blog
14481	They used simple ideas, simple textures, and simple forms, all of which make for great listening material.	joy	blog
14482	Romantic 1825-1900: Lush and beautiful music was the prevailing theme during most of the 1800s, and music was written to tell stories, to depict the mysteries of nature, or to express the upper reaches of human emotions.	joy	blog
14483	Composers of this era such as Tchaikovsky, Brahms, and Chopin wrote music with a wider dynamic range, using a larger variety of instruments.	noemotion	blog
14484	Female composers gained more visibility during this period, such as Clara Schumann.	noemotion	blog
14485	20th Century: 1900-1999: Classical music exploded, evolved and splintered faster than it ever had before.	noemotion	blog
14486	New subcategories of classical music were born every year, and more composers were writing music than all previous eras combined.	noemotion	blog
14487	Music of this era was influenced by anything and everything, including world wars, politics, SEX, and cross-pollination by other types of music such as jazz.	noemotion	blog
14488	And anything and everything was possible, from atonal to experimental to electronic.	noemotion	blog
14489	Finally, music could be recorded and distributed widely, creating a burgeoning market for all types of new music.	joy	blog
14490	Over one hundred thousand composers fall into this period, including Copland, Stravinsky, and Ravel.	noemotion	blog
14491	Needless to say, neither the church nor the government contributed much to classical music in this century.	disgust	blog
14492	Contemporary Classical: 1970 - 2050 projected: If the 20th Century period ends in 1999, then what do we call all classical music written thereafter.	noemotion	blog
14493	Welcome to the contemporary classical period, where we see even more subcategories such as the minimalism of Philip Glass, the electric opera by John Corigliano, and the twelve-tone works of John Bilotta, a Bay Area composer.	noemotion	blog
14494	The few creative barriers that may have been left after the 20th century have been crushed by a whopping 300,000 living composers, and this contemporary period gives new meaning to the phrase Anything Goes.	anticipation	blog
14495	There is so much more to learn, but this is your first step into removing the mystery from these vast eras.	noemotion	blog
14496	Your next few leaps into classical music should now be a little easier.	noemotion	blog
14497	The autoplay in each entry will be set to off, but please don't be shy, click play.	noemotion	blog
14498	Add a little passion to your life each time you visit, and share my world with me.	joy	blog
14499	Measure 40 amends the state constitution to require supreme court and appeals judges to be elected by district instead of the statewide vote that currently happens.	noemotion	blog
14500	8 of the pro arguments consist of someone listing what I take to be every single county in Oregon from which there are no appellate judges.	noemotion	blog
14501	Both sides have a mixture of more polemic arguments and more reasonable arguments.	noemotion	blog
14502	There's all kinds of thought about how the measure will make judicial positions more or less political, whether those positions already are political, whether it matters that the Oregon constitution originally had district elections and switched to statewide some time ago, whether elections by district mean that some of the judges will be less qualified than others could have been or whether it means that currently underrepresented areas think every rural area will have a better chance to have someone who understands them in the appellate courts, etc.	noemotion	blog
14503	All in all, most of the arguments are not very convincing one way or the other.	disgust	blog
14504	One of the few that seemed to me to say something worth saying was an argument in favor that was written by Ron Saxton.	joy	blog
14505	This surprised me, because I know from TV ads that Ron Saxton is running for something or other.	surprise	blog
14506	As such I consider him to be primarily a politician, and it is rare that I find what I might consider words of wisdom from a politician, even when I agree with them.	surprise	blog
14507	The one other somewhat-convincing argument was immediately after that one, also in favor, by an organization of Oregon farmers.	noemotion	blog
14508	They talked about how it would be nice if some of the appellate judges understood how farms operate when lawsuits against farmers come up.	anger	blog
14509	There seemed to be at least a smidgen of personal experience reflected in that argument, something not really present anywhere else.	noemotion	blog
14510	So I'm leaning slightly in favor, although I mostly don't see how it will make that big of a difference.	noemotion	blog
14511	again, kerstin has proven to herself how she isn't who she wants to be yet.	noemotion	blog
14512	my words tend to come out always as a substandard to how they sound on the workfloor of the psyche.	sadness	blog
14513	finding this out is almost as fun as finding out the effects of placing one's hand down a working garbage disposal unit.	joy	blog
14514	lately all im capable is questioning things and my ablility to deal.	sadness	blog
14515	i don't like making decisions b/c i don't want to make the wrong one.	fear	blog
14516	there are no wrong decisions, only different outcomes! but i can't.	noemotion	blog
14517	found out my mother cut open the top of her left foot and got 11 stitches, good job mommy, happy.	sadness	blog
14518	i talked to her today, she's ok. still a mess since i left from what my dad's told me but nothing new there.	sadness	blog
14519	my brother has turned into a pimp from what ive gathered.	disgust	blog
14520	if you know my brother and his inablility to approach women, you'd understand a lot better.	noemotion	blog
14521	mormor is is dealing w/ senile dementia still.	noemotion	blog
14522	it makes me sad, she's a tough old bird but she's just 'not home anymore'.	sadness	blog
14523	i like/can deal w/ most of my classes.	joy	blog
14524	prof is killing me with what she assigns though.	anger	blog
14525	lost a syillibis for U.S. Gov. but the class is so cut 'n' dry that it's no worry.	noemotion	blog
14526	ive successfully installed ilisten so i can literally talk in my essays instead of type them.	noemotion	blog
14527	just a lot of proofreading w/ that approach.	noemotion	blog
14528	im pumpkin carving soon so im thinking of doing something simple but effective.	anticipation	blog
14529	you know the one, where it has a shocked expression w/ pumpkin guts coming out of its mouth.	surprise	blog
14530	and handling of pumpkin guts which is double fun esp. when you have a squimish person working w/ you, super hilarious.	joy	blog
14531	and im not talking about the stalker hugs Confused! those do not count, crying.	sadness	blog
14532	haven't had any major fights w/ roomies, not even small ones.	noemotion	blog
14533	and u can only guess who was in it.	noemotion	blog
14534	wow this kinda sounds like it going into a porno.	surprise	blog
14535	nothing else happened in the dream we just cuddled and it was real sweet.	joy	blog
14536	like wanting to dooo any thing to be with him.	joy	blog
14537	and i ride my horse by his house and even sometimes ride with his dad and last time he came out too.	joy	blog
14538	Seeing a scarred, bearded man in a rippling black overcoat warmed my heart, because his fingers were painting a trembling solo on his acoustic guitar.	joy	blog
14539	I sat down beside him and ran lines in my head for a while, while a few feet away the song poured from his strings.	joy	blog
14540	Eventually, the music faded away, and the guitar slipped back into its bag.	noemotion	blog
14541	I looked up from my script and thanked him for playing.	joy	blog
14542	i was very disappointed.	sadness	blog
14543	but i insisted on getting a violin so i took the bus to spirited music and rented one from there.	noemotion	blog
14544	i think i'm quite good for the amount of time i've been playing.	joy	blog
14545	besides the usual mary had a little lamb and junk i can play swing low sweet chariot, silent night, chopin's funeral march, and i taught myself hurt by nine inch nails/johnny cash by ear because i couldn't find any proper sheet music for it.	noemotion	blog
14546	its actually a pretty easy song, i suggest it for all beginers who are really quite sick of playing twinkle twinkle.	joy	blog
14547	le cygne is usually played on cello, so just bring it an octave up.	noemotion	blog
14548	those pegs are hard to push back in, especially the E string peg, that was a real bitch.	anger	blog
14549	he said if i practise a lot and get really good to let him know because his band is looking for a violinist.	anticipation	blog
14550	last night me and mike and christina and a bunch of people went to the bar and i got raving drunk on just 2 coolers.	surprise	blog
14551	i suck when im drunk, i just get dizzy and fall asleep, so once i was finished making an idiot of myself at the bar i dozed for hours on mikes couch.	disgust	blog
14552	cameron wants me to do a radio interview with him on his radio show one night so we'll have to schedule that.	noemotion	blog
14553	I'm floored that someone would come up with something that amoral immoral.	disgust	blog
14554	Many times, I'll hear commentators, and sometimes I'll even agree with them.	noemotion	blog
14555	Assumption: That's because Markets[sic] are much better at collecting and evaluating information than anything else on the planet.	noemotion	blog
14556	Markets do not measure everything accurately, and I find this assumption to be disgusting.	disgust	blog
14557	Biodiversity isn't measured because it is more complex than one transaction.	noemotion	blog
14558	And the Walmartisation of the world changes markets for the worse for labour, making people a mere slot in a computerised schedule, with no regard for their free time.	disgust	blog
14559	Forcing the world into markets is exactly what creates so many problems in the world *ahem* people are at war with us over it, you know.	disgust	blog
14560	It is like throwing everything you eat into a meat grinder.	disgust	blog
14561	It makes everything homogeneous in texture, sure, but you never are able to enjoy it in its own context.	joy	blog
14562	Let's not promote gambling the security and livelihoods of people just because they're a few thousand miles away or brown.	disgust	blog
14563	And who would be the bastard who profits off of the destruction of my workplace and life.	anger	blog
14564	Yes, Ms Lee mentions insurance.	noemotion	blog
14565	Comment: Traders, those who buy and sell the contracts, bring all their disparate information on the political situation in Saudi Arabia into this central marketplace.	noemotion	blog
14566	Their bets on the probability of this one terrorist action would be reflected in the price of the contract.	noemotion	blog
14567	Would Ms Lee be throwing out these ideas for the US elections.	noemotion	blog
14568	Plus, in such a secretive government, wouldn't this promote corruption.	noemotion	blog
14569	The selling of top secret documents to profit off of the killing of 150 people in a mosque.	disgust	blog
14570	And there's really no reason to encourage those who can afford to gamble on this sort of thing to do something so dispicable and amoral.	disgust	blog
14571	It is sickening.	disgust	blog
14572	There is so much room for the worst of humanity in doing things like this, let's not encourage it, please.	disgust	blog
14573	In the last three years, terrorism has flourished.	noemotion	blog
14574	Here's another great case of Redcoat Logic.	disgust	blog
14575	Joementum manages to dive on the recent threat-ish that emerged from Britain and turn it all around to make a comment on Ned and the democrats.	joy	blog
14576	Apparently the extremist terrorists in Britain are connected to the insurgents in Iraq despite the fact that the former were pure terrorists and the latter are involved in a civil war, and that a slow exit from Iraq was their goal.	noemotion	blog
14577	That's why they went for the British airports.	noemotion	blog
14578	Does no one see the problem with that logic.	disgust	blog
14579	The war in Iraq is fighting terrorists.	noemotion	blog
14580	Terrorists are all one giant unit.	noemotion	blog
14581	The terrorists want us out of Iraq.	noemotion	blog
14582	As long as terrorists exist, we can't get out of Iraq.	noemotion	blog
14583	As long as there are any terrorists anywhere doing anything, we can't pull out.	disgust	blog
14584	The state of Iraq, what the Iraqi people want, all of that jazz, it's never spoken of at times like these.	sadness	blog
14585	All that matters is that terrorists want us out of Iraq, so that means we have to stay.	sadness	blog
14586	I'd also like to point out that the liberal complaint is not that we're fighting terrorists, it's that we're NOT fighting terrorists.	noemotion	blog
14587	The complaint is that we abandoned the search for bin Laden in Afghanistan and went into Iraq under incredibly false premises.	anger	blog
14588	I'm worried that too many people, both in politics and out, don't appreciate the seriousness of the threat to American security and the evil of the enemy that faces us, Mr. Lieberman said at the Waterbury event.	fear	blog
14589	He called that threat more evil, or as evil, as Nazism and probably more dangerous than the Soviet Communists we fought during the long cold war.	fear	blog
14590	To suggest that a couple of disorganized idiots trying to replicate Yousef's 1995 plot is more evil and more dangerous than what they did is beyond off-base, beyond stupid.	anger	blog
14591	Another apocalyptic vision last night: wandering through large rooms that are stuffy and crowded with people lying on the floor covered with sheets, most of them separate from each other.	fear	blog
14592	Some aggressive people with mean faces and nasty attitudes staking out their turf, telling us to move along.	disgust	blog
14593	We try to find comfortable space and head down a winding staircase that seems to get smaller as it gets to the bottom.	fear	blog
14594	Then I am outside and they are calling the name D'Angelo for people to board rescue vehicles.	noemotion	blog
14595	The bees and the body somehow melt away as the rescue vehicles begin to depart - leaving me behind.	disgust	blog
14596	I am, by no means, an art critic.	noemotion	blog
14597	I know very little about art, save the few well-known artists that everyone knows.	noemotion	blog
14598	For my birthday, Jon took me to the Getty Center in Los Angeles.	joy	blog
14599	The Getty Museum in LA stems from his collection.	noemotion	blog
14600	Now, understand, when it comes right down to it, I am a hick from the sticks.	noemotion	blog
14601	The only art I have ever been exposed to is the stuff that pretentious college drop-outs create and try to sell by hanging it on the walls for coffee shops.	disgust	blog
14602	I had never before seen a work by any of the Masters - the closest I have ever gotten to a Michelangelo is watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.	noemotion	blog
14603	It's easy to Google Image search Monet and look at the results, but pictures and posters hold no candle to the real deal.	noemotion	blog
14604	Oh, and I think I made the security guards really nervous - like I was going to blow my runny nose on the Renoir and forever ruin it with my bodily fluids.	disgust	blog
14605	Pretty, no? You should see it in person.	disgust	blog
14606	Like I said, I'm no judge of art.	noemotion	blog
14607	The purpose - to catch Body Worlds 2 while we could the exhibit had already come and gone to LA, so this was the only chance we would get.	noemotion	blog
14608	I was excited to see it as I have a fondness of cadavers blame Gross Anatomy and really wanted to get another shot at some up close anatomy viewing.	anticipation	blog
14609	A glenoid-humoral joint. Some of the exhibits were very interesting, such as  the soccer player and the skateboarder.	joy	blog
14610	In Gross Anatomy, our cadavers were solemn - laying on the tables as if in a deep slumber.	noemotion	blog
14611	The odd thing about Body Worlds is that it goes from being an anatomy exhibit to being a sort of Cadaver Carnival of Bizarre Art.	surprise	blog
14612	I can't find any good images of the weird displays, so to view some you have to look here at the International Body Worlds Online Store.	noemotion	blog
14613	Again, I am no judge of art, and the fact that this exhibit has drawn record numbers of people hint at the possibility that I am off-base.	noemotion	blog
14614	Body Worlds is great in that it gives everyday people the chance to look at the machinery that is the body.	joy	blog
14615	Now, people can see that organs are not the cartoonish objects that one sees in a book.	noemotion	blog
14616	The general public also has a chance to look at diseased organs something usually reserved for pathologists, who, I've noticed, seem to get *very* excited over things like polyps and necrosis.	joy	blog
14617	They have the blood vessels of various limbs that have been injected with polymers so that you can witness the intricacies of the blood supply.	noemotion	blog
14618	The basic anatomy and bodies in motion portions are a must see.	joy	blog
14619	However, for me, the more artistic exhibits were more of a turn off - I willingly admit that I was very attached to my cadaver in Gross, and the thought of him being displayed like that makes me a bit sick.	disgust	blog
14620	Then again, I'm not a good judge of art.	noemotion	blog
14621	As an aside, there have been some interesting articles regarding the aquisition of cadavers for exhibits such as Body Worlds I guess the entire affair has sparked various knock-off exhibits.	noemotion	blog
14622	While this country has access to huge numbers of scientists and medical students someone has to do the dirty work there have been some controversies, and questions as to where the cadavers come from.	disgust	blog
14623	The creator of Body Worlds has denied that his specimines have been acquired in any dubious manner, and has documentation to that effect.	noemotion	blog
14624	However, some of the knock-offs might not be as professional personally, I'd avoid them if I were you.	disgust	blog
14625	I won't make any more comments about it, and leave it in your hands.	noemotion	blog
14626	I'm also constantly congested, and I've been having drainage in my throat.	sadness	blog
14627	My energy level is starting to increase more and more.	noemotion	blog
14628	I was able to tell all of the teachers at school that I am pregnant, so it's been fun to hear all of their pregnancy stories.	joy	blog
14629	Since school is just starting, we've been eating a lot, and it's funny because they are letting me get away with going first saying I am eating for two.	joy	blog
14630	Everyone keeps asking if we're going to find out if we're having a boy or girl.	noemotion	blog
14631	Jessica and Scott are outside on the porch playing a card game together.	noemotion	blog
14632	This afternoon, I went shopping for school supplies.	noemotion	blog
14633	Summer has gotten to me, and now it needs to leave.	sadness	blog
14634	The most exciting time of my whole summer was going to Virginia with the Patricks, Pearsons and Roths, and that lasted less than a week.	joy	blog
14635	Tomorrow, I hope either my mother or father takes me to go buy school clothes.	anticipation	blog
14636	I don't except them to, because my Dad is taking my brother golfing as previously stated, and my mother hates the mall more than she hates anything else.	disgust	blog
14637	Scott is losing the card game, from what I can hear.	noemotion	blog
14638	My mother just asked Chris, How would you prefer your crab.	noemotion	blog
14639	I tried making a collage of magazine cutouts or in my case, rip outs.	noemotion	blog
14640	It looks like somebody puked up several golds and pinks, and then pasted it on a canvas.	disgust	blog
14641	She was just eating cat food a few feet away from me. She saw my brother look at her, and ran away.	sadness	blog
14642	As she was running, a kernel of catfood fell from her mouth, and now it's all soggy on the floor.	noemotion	blog
14643	i freakin hate when you get in a bad mood and its not just one thing.	anger	blog
14644	its just kinda just a bunch of little things and then you get sad and you just want to go cry and just be away from reality.	sadness	blog
14645	i mean i know but i cant put it into words and i just dont want to say it i guess.	noemotion	blog
14646	and im not trying to be mean but if i say i dislike someone and you are like why why why and i try to explain but you're just like thats stupid you shouldnt dislike her it pisses me off if i have to defend myself for disliking someone.	anger	blog
14647	i mean i have my reason to dislike someone and you shouldnt question them cuz you arent me and you dont know and just stop.	anger	blog
14648	i consider myself a nice person and i should have the right to dislike some people.	noemotion	blog
14649	i give everyone a fair chance i think.	noemotion	blog
14650	It wasn't because I was sad though.	noemotion	blog
14651	I looked over at Jon and I said Hey, I feel like I'm going to pass out.	anticipation	blog
14652	Then I guess my head slammed into the window behind me and I fell on the floor.	sadness	blog
14653	I woke up to Jon picking up my head and saying my name, but I couldn't hear him.	noemotion	blog
14654	It's because of thing called vasovagal syncope and was triggered because I have a kidney infection that was making me dehydrated and nauseous.	noemotion	blog
14655	I hope I can at least pass out sometime when it's sweet, like when I'm driving or operating heavy machinery.	sadness	blog
14656	I know I have not been writing 4 a long time.	trust	blog
14657	I will never try one again and i suggest you do the same.	disgust	blog
14658	It started raining jus B4 it started.	noemotion	blog
14659	I did not climb very high up but was not bad either.	noemotion	blog
14660	I spent my national day like I always do at home to watch the national parade.	noemotion	blog
14661	My school choir was taking part and i saw them too.	noemotion	blog
14662	I guess it's a lot more involved than I had thought.	surprise	blog
14663	Anyway, as the day proceeded it seemed to be getting easier, and I was so sure I had the basics down pat.	joy	blog
14664	I felt this way up until it was time to count my drawer.	noemotion	blog
14665	After that I had pretty much decided that it was giving up time.	disgust	blog
14666	I guess that made me feel a little bit more at ease.	joy	blog
14667	OF course I was stressing it too much because as the day proceeded, I began to feel myself becoming more and more comfortable with everything.	surprise	blog
14668	The end of the day came and it was than time to count out my drawer.	noemotion	blog
14669	My change was exact down to the last penny, what a relief that was for me laughing out loud.	joy	blog
14670	Today day three went relatively smoothe.	joy	blog
14671	But it was wasn't so bad since I got to hang out with Lauren the night before :]To make this somewhat shorter.	joy	blog
14672	My charges were.50 short, but apparently that's not a horrible thing.	fear	blog
14673	Tomorrow I have to go in at 8 and stay till 5pm.	noemotion	blog
14674	Urrr two more hours &gt;. Ahh than for this coming week they have me down for nearly everyday till closing time.	sadness	blog
14675	Hopefully tomorrow will go smoothe.	anticipation	blog
14676	Another little check-off on the to-do list, as all three of my summer classes are now done and graded, and I still retain my 4.0 GPA.	joy	blog
14677	It's a bit more satisfying this time than most since I'm now past the second of the three major problem classes I identified when I first got back into school.	joy	blog
14678	I assume until proven otherwise that I ought to be able to excel at the highest level at most things, so a top grade in all of my classes was always the goal from day 1.	anticipation	blog
14679	However, there are several things I know full well I've been between mediocre and bad at in the past- theoretical math, foreign languages, public speaking.	anger	blog
14680	Thus, Statistics, mandatory Spanish, and the public speaking class I've been in this summer were the three classes I've assumed were most likely to potentially drop my GPA.	sadness	blog
14681	So far that's turned out to be little problem- I believe I got perhaps 4 questions wrong over 5 or 6 tests in all of stats and secured an A easily in Speech.	joy	blog
14682	What's more, I could tell the subjects themselves were coming to me much easier than they did, say, 5 years ago- so it wasn't simply a matter of more lax evaluation.	noemotion	blog
14683	None of this is really an achievement of course, but it is nice to know that I seem to be improving in areas which were previously more difficult.	surprise	blog
14684	I dislike the idea of having gaps in my ability; it's the same need for balance that leads to me trying to further develop my natural cross-handedness into ambidexterity.	sadness	blog
14685	I've always been aware that I excelled verbally at potentially the highest level, and so I was best served by following and developing that side of my talents; but I refuse to allow that pursuit and development to leave me lopsided or with deficiencies in other areas.	noemotion	blog
14686	I have a month off of classes now, to do research and move and probably take up an internship job.	anticipation	blog
14687	I'm going to have to go out to south London area police station sometime tomorrow.	noemotion	blog
14688	The weather is looking so pleasant that I think the Tube will have to do do for transport.	joy	blog
14689	A little unfortunate, but at least it saves me from actually walking there.	surprise	blog
14690	If it hadn't been so important I'd have refused their invitation anyway- who's going to watch the shop while I'm gone.	noemotion	blog
14691	While I've got every faith in my employees abilities, I wouldn't like to think about what could happen if.	fear	blog
14692	I sent the last one that came around off with such a red face, it was a wonder he didn't pass out.	anger	blog
14693	It's good that I'm old enough to learn lessons on my own and not from others, either by teaching or example, because people are stupid.	disgust	blog
14694	Seven hours on the road in two days, and I've come to the conclusion that most people have no concept of what turn signals, speed limits, and restroom sinks are for.	disgust	blog
14695	I stopped in New Gloucester to use the bathroom on the turnpike, and had to wait because it was so busy.	noemotion	blog
14696	I saw one guy after another take a piss then leave without washing his hands.	disgust	blog
14697	Finally it was my turn, I use the facilities, go to the sink, find myself the only one there, and a constant line of guys behind me just filing out, again without using the sink.	disgust	blog
14698	There wasn't even a cursory, pretend wash amounting to little more than a cold water rinse.	noemotion	blog
14699	I finally snapped and yelled out the door at the last two DOES ANYONE WASH THEIR FRIGGING HANDS AFTER USING THE BATHROOM ANYMORE.	anger	blog
14700	Disgusted, I dried my hands, walked out, and yelled PIGS! toward the Burger King where a number of them had congregated for a late lunch.	disgust	blog
14701	While I have no doubt whatsoever that my equipment is clean and disease free I devote at least as much attention to cleaning that as I do my hands; any women dating these boys should be weary of the possible filth that probably accompanies sexual relations with him if he can't even take care of his hands, I cannot say the same for others, and cannot vouch for where their hands have been prior to touching the same surfaces that I have, such as the toilet seat, flush lever, and door handles.	disgust	blog
14702	Hey assholes, explain to your children where their cold sores came from: Daddy didn't wash his hands in the restroom, then he cleaned the ketchup off your face, and now you have herpes.	disgust	blog
14703	Old guy, while it's unlikely that you'll catch something major from a dirty turnpike restroom, even a case of the flu could kill at your age.	noemotion	blog
14704	UNCLEAN! should at the very least be a public restroom on the interstate.	disgust	blog
14705	Simply entering one should make you feel dirty and in want of a shower.	disgust	blog
14706	We saw Descent at the local 'ghetto' theater, in the local 'ghetto' mall.	noemotion	blog
14707	You know, it's like the Airport Mall here in Bangor: the automatic doors, for instance, aren't necessarily automatic anymore.	disgust	blog
14708	It makes me appreciate the local cinemas that much more, the former Hoyt's and even the cheap seats at Spotlight in Orono all have the new stadium seats, bigger screens, and latest sound tech.	disgust	blog
14709	But it was nice to get out to the movies with Holly, I don't get to see her very much at all in any role other than as mom, and as a single male with no kids, it's hard to associate myself with parents.	joy	blog
14710	Ask any comedian, they usually have a bit about the inability of the childless to relate to parents and vice versa.	noemotion	blog
14711	Not that Erin has a problem, she loves kids and works with them, but I've never honestly been much of a kid person.	noemotion	blog
14712	Older kids, sure, I can identify with short, immature but otherwise rational human beings, but little kids.	disgust	blog
14713	What do I do when someone three feet tall smacks me in the head.	anger	blog
14714	You can't beat them, you can't yell and foam at the mouth, but you can't ignore it either.	anger	blog
14715	But unlike that said territory, children grow-up at some point, and most at least realize that you can't just go around pissing people off.	anticipation	blog
14716	Though they undoubtedly do.	noemotion	blog
14717	The plot was just full of loopholes, there wasn't even any gratuitous boobage that you might otherwise associate with a Hollywood movie that stars an entire cast of nothing but athletic women.	disgust	blog
14718	No, these weren't the oh I'm cute, see my ta-tas? kind of athleticly built women, these were the see me hang from the roof of a cave by my fingernails type, the I don't even need a sportsbra kind of actual athletes.	surprise	blog
14719	But this one was just full of plot holes that you could drive a truck through.	disgust	blog
14720	IF you actually want to see The Descent then stop here and go do your nails or something.	disgust	blog
14721	Ok, so at one point they find a dead moose in the middle of the cave system.	noemotion	blog
14722	Oh they kill the food outside and bring it inside to eat.	noemotion	blog
14723	And what about the primitive cave paintings by the local natives thousands of years ago.	noemotion	blog
14724	I don't find the idea of poking around in the dark deep in the bowels of the earth very entertaining at all, I don't think our ancestors, devoid of electric flashlights and safety equipment would be any more inclined to risking their life for so worthless an enterprise.	disgust	blog
14725	Is there food that deep in the cave.	noemotion	blog
14726	If this took place in the wilds of Africa, perhaps it might be worth venturing into the earth to escape the large predators that prayed upon human beings so very long ago, but even that was well before we took to cave drawing.	noemotion	blog
14727	After the movie and the subsequent discussion as to all the different ways it was just simply retarded, we came back to the house and watched TiVo.	disgust	blog
14728	Holly's gotten really into Dog the Bounty Hunter and we watched an episode of that.	joy	blog
14729	It's alright, it's like American Choppers in that I enjoy it if there's really nothing else to watch.	joy	blog
14730	We also caught a couple episodes of that new Stan Lee show about the wanna-be super heros on SciFi.	noemotion	blog
14731	I'm already convinced that Feedback will win, he just looks the part of a modern comic book figure.	anticipation	blog
14732	Major Victory is entertaining, but he's got an old-school look to him, like the original Batman or Superman.	joy	blog
14733	Black suits for Spiderman and Superman for instance.	noemotion	blog
14734	Look at Superman: the original television Reeves was a fatman in tights with no issues, his movie successor had human flaws and frailties.	noemotion	blog
14735	An ordinary boy, with an ordinary name, but ordinary's just not good enough today.	sadness	blog
14736	We watch tube for a few hours, I watch Holly fold clothes, I head to bed in the basement then get up the next morning to watch Spiderman 2 with her and the kids.	noemotion	blog
14737	The turnpike was nuts, every asshole from Jersey and Connecticut was apparently heading to Canada.	anger	blog
14738	It was so packed that all three lanes were barely crawling along at the speed limit, let alone any faster.	disgust	blog
14739	At about Biddeford, I jumped-ship and headed up Route One, expecting an accident the likes of which I experienced the last time I headed home from NH by myself.	anticipation	blog
14740	Imagine: three lanes of traffic, none of it moving, for the better part of two hours.	anger	blog
14741	Come Scarborough, I jumped back on, since Route One was pretty packed, and I didn't want to go through downtown Portland.	noemotion	blog
14742	I abandoned the turnpike last time as well, shortly after the traffic jam cleared, and ended up getting home 4 hours later than expected and having just enough time to get ready for work before heading out again.	sadness	blog
14743	So back on the pike, putting up with traffic, speeds picked up to well above where they should have been, things cleared a little north of Lewiston, a little more above Augusta, but it was still pretty frigging busy all the way up.	anger	blog
14744	Got into Bangor, picked up my check, went home and waited for Erin.	noemotion	blog
14745	Spent some time with her, watched a little Storm of the Century on DVD the bargain bin rules, then took a nap before work, where I am now.	noemotion	blog
14746	The new guy is still training, and since he goes live on his own next weekend, he needs to ensure he can actually do the job on his own.	noemotion	blog
14747	Pete Rose runs over Indians catcher, Ray Fosse to score the winning run of the 1970 All Star Game.	noemotion	blog
14748	Fosse's career was never the same.	sadness	blog
14749	Yeah, cocky, supercilious Marco Starnoni who eats as if he had been walking in the desert feasting on nothing but manna for forty years.	disgust	blog
14750	We scored twelve runs in the 4th inning because of some shoddy defense by Marco's team.	joy	blog
14751	Let's just say they gave us at least five outs but probably more.	surprise	blog
14752	I had quite a few homeruns and was involved on the wrong side of a great defensive play turned in by Joe Twarogowski.	surprise	blog
14753	In the 3rd inning, I tried to score when a throw to third base got away.	noemotion	blog
14754	I came racing down the line as Ryan Shalek picked up the loose ball and fired a strike to home plate.	joy	blog
14755	Joey, who was blocking home plate, reached up and snared the ball as I arrived at the plate.	noemotion	blog
14756	I tucked my shoulder down and leveled a defenseless Joe.	noemotion	blog
14757	He went flying backwards and landed with a huge thud in the left-handed batter's box.	surprise	blog
14758	Upon hitting the ground, he pulled the ball out of his glove and into his bare hand and showed everyone he had held on to complete the double play.	noemotion	blog
14759	When I asked him whether he was all right, he said he was and proceeded to tell me that he knew it was coming.	noemotion	blog
14760	He saw the play unfolding but had no way to brace for it because of the high throw and the simultaneous arrival of me and the ball.	surprise	blog
14761	Oh well, how often does one see a collision at home plate anyway.	surprise	blog
14762	You just have to think though of the consequences when two people meet at one point in that vicious a nature.	anticipation	blog
14763	Who can forget Ray Fosse and Pete Rose's encounter at home plate in the 12th inning of the 1970 All Star Game.	joy	blog
14764	This play remains perdurably etched in baseball history as the greatest play at the plate of all time.	joy	blog
14765	Jim Hickman lines a base hit to center, Amos Otis comes up firing to the plate, the third base coach, Leo Durocher waves Pete Rose home, the throw brings then Indians' catcher, Ray Fosse a few feet up the line, and then it happens.	anticipation	blog
14766	Pete Rose knocks Ray Fosse into baseball lore and permanantly knocks his shoulder into a somewhat more precarious place.	joy	blog
14767	Pete Rose scores the game-winning run and Ray Fosse, the Indians' seemingly promising beacon, is never the same ball player.	joy	blog
14768	So, in the end, we held on to win by a score of 18-13.	joy	blog
14769	Joe was fine after taking one of the hardest shots any catcher has ever taken in the six years we've been playing ball together.	surprise	blog
14770	That is probably the reason most leagues have banned the runner from destroying the catcher like that.	noemotion	blog
14771	Yes, injuries can happen but, as a former catcher, it's the most exhilarating play in sports.	joy	blog
14772	There is nothing like being in a train wreck at home plate especially if you hang on to the ball for the out.	anticipation	blog
14773	Joe said it doesn't happen that often so it doesn't bother him.	noemotion	blog
14774	It would if it were a constant occurence but that was the first time this year that we had had a collision at home plate and probably the last.	noemotion	blog
14775	There is usually one good hit each season and that is it.	disgust	blog
14776	Joe said the only sensation going through his body when he hit the ground was that he had to go to the bathroom badly.	fear	blog
14777	Joe was on third and there was a runner on second with one out in a 6-6 tie in the bottom of the 6th inning.	noemotion	blog
14778	We were intentionally walking Ahsan to load the bases up.	noemotion	blog
14779	As I threw one of the pitches back to Billy, Joe broke for home plate.	noemotion	blog
14780	I screamed for Billy to throw it and he did.	anticipation	blog
14781	I jumped in front of home plate and the ball deflected off my glove and Joe just crushed me. He bounced off me and rolled behind home plate.	surprise	blog
14782	I turned around and swiped at Joe and missed as he hit home plate with his foot and his whole team just raced to the plate and mobbed him as they won, 7-6.	sadness	blog
14783	Ahsan says he still remembers that play.	noemotion	blog
14784	He says he and Joe knew we were loading the bases for their two worst hitters to get the game into extra innings so they devised a play that involved Joe's trying to steal home.	noemotion	blog
14785	Ahsan told me that he remembers the collision mostly because the game was being played in the rain and we very rarely play when it's raining.	noemotion	blog
14786	He saw us sprawled out on the ground and thought for sure Joe was out.	anticipation	blog
14787	Then he saw the ball lying on the ground and screamed for Joe to touch home.	anticipation	blog
14788	It was as if they had won the World Series.	joy	blog
14789	They completely mobbed Joe and were bounding around home plate as if Joe were the king of baseball.	joy	blog
14790	Good night my faithful blog acolytes.	noemotion	blog
14791	I shall catch you later on when I am feeling like writing again.	sadness	blog
14792	My brother and I just went out to go for a bike ride.	noemotion	blog
14793	I checked my bike tire, and though it was quite bent and warped, I was still able to go biking.	joy	blog
14794	The reason I was at the bank was to check to see if Dad had deposited the 56 dollar Government GST cheque into my account yet.	noemotion	blog
14795	So I went to take out my 60 dollars, and it said I couldn't take it, because my available funds was limited to 6 dollars.	anger	blog
14796	I was pretty bummed out, because it meant they put a hold on my cheque, I hate when they do that, what's the bloody point.	sadness	blog
14797	It wouldn't bother me much, except the last government cheque I deposited had no hold on it.	anger	blog
14798	It was 122 dollars money I promptly blew on DVD's and Food.	noemotion	blog
14799	So, here I am with money RIGHT there that I can't get a hold of, and I really want to spend it at the Furmeet on Monday.	anger	blog
14800	We furries are going to the Mongolian restaurant for a hangout from 7-9 before the meet, because sometimes we like to hang out and go bowling or swim for the meets.	joy	blog
14801	I get the feeling Dad doesn't want Sam to go weird on him.	anticipation	blog
14802	Like I said a while ago, Dad said he was gonna buy Sam a pound of weed, a 2-4 of beer, and a led Zeppelin album so that he had at least one normal kid.	noemotion	blog
14803	He's pretty old fashioned, but not rude about it.	noemotion	blog
14804	We think we're pretty close to letting Sam go with me but I would end up sleeping at Ixyao's again, because by the looks of it, Loth is spending the night in London again with his girlfriend.	noemotion	blog
14805	Earlier today, I put on Elfenking - Seasonspeech, and mom asked me if I ever listened to radio music anymore.	noemotion	blog
14806	Despite the large load of stuff he took, I barely notice a difference in the house.	noemotion	blog
14807	I've already told mom I'm moving on the weekend of the 26th, and I just need to get a hold of Andrea so I can make the plans formal.	anticipation	blog
14808	Now I need to find a place to put all my stuff at Andrea's. I know my DVD shelf would have no problem finding a place in the livingroom, but the computer, the bed, the dresser, and my electronics would need to find a home in my room.	anticipation	blog
14809	I could probably find a way to swing it, but it would be a little cramped.	noemotion	blog
14810	There's no way I could put my chairs there, and I don't want to trash em, I would like to give them to a friend or something at the least.	disgust	blog
14811	It took me a while to figure out how to do it, but I did finally figure it out, and I did what I could to keep Monday night and Tuesday morning open.	noemotion	blog
14812	That's funny, I think, that we love the furries so much that we're willing to schedule our schooling around the meets.	joy	blog
14813	However, when I went to submit my timetable, I was asked to pay the rest of my tuition.	surprise	blog
14814	as when I asked the representative, they said that as long as I paid my 400 dollars, I wouldn't have to worry about the rest of my costs until OSAP made a decision, and until then, I could go ahead, schedule, and do my thing.	joy	blog
14815	I need to make another few calls, but mom's in Norwich and has the only phone that works right now.	noemotion	blog
14816	It also said that I have to register for some student success thing, and I have to call in.	noemotion	blog
14817	Same deal, I have the number written down on a piece of paper so I don't forget when the time comes.	noemotion	blog
14818	I also have my MoCoMotion password and username right here, not to mention my OSAP access number, and all the numbers I need to call right here with me. I am PREPARED.	anticipation	blog
14819	And since I put that I was living with mother, and she only makes 6000 a year, I can almost guarantee that I will get accepted for OSAP, and they said they'll pay 8700 for this year.	anticipation	blog
14820	which is crazy good, especially if I'm living with Andrea, who only asks for internet, hydro, and food.	joy	blog
14821	For me, internet would be like 25 bucks, hydro, another 30 or 40, and food.	noemotion	blog
14822	well, I could splurge.	anticipation	blog
14823	I do have to pay something like 300 dollars a semester for the Mohawk Brantford to Mohawk Hamilton bus.	noemotion	blog
14824	And the government still owes me 680 dollars.	anger	blog
14825	and they say for this semester, I only owe them 1044.12.	noemotion	blog
14826	Yeah, vulgar, I know, but even if I had a friend with benefits, I would go the way of Andrea and do it to get it out of the way.	noemotion	blog
14827	I get to be ticket bitch, and I get more volunteer hours and experience.	joy	blog
14828	I need to have them ready so I can be looking for a job In Brantford after school.	anticipation	blog
14829	I am looking to drive more so I can get my G2, I am solid in my belief that I am going to Brantford on the 26th, I am no longer indecisive, I want to get away from the issue between my parents, and I am looking to be very assertive for college.	anticipation	blog
14830	#1, print off the OSAP thing the government wants me to.	noemotion	blog
14831	I just need it to get mom's signature, then I think I mail it to the government when they decide or something.	anticipation	blog
14832	After that, I then make my calls to mohawk to ask about the money issue, the tuition and my schedules.	noemotion	blog
14833	#4, move to Andreas and get comfortable there while looking for an after school job.	noemotion	blog
14834	#5 talk to the people concerning the shuttlebus from Brantford to Mohawk.	noemotion	blog
14835	Problem is, I can't do any of these things right now, so I keep them all in mind, and become impatient to get access to a phone, and I am gonna look up info on the shuttlebus.	noemotion	blog
14836	Courses just opened up, so it's not like I'm late, they've been open for a whole 12 hours, and I can register until mid September, so I've got some time, however, I don't want to wait, that's why I went on the site this morning to do it ASAP.	anticipation	blog
14837	I have the choice to either go to this Burgessville Rocks thing, go to London to watch movies with the Furries, or go to Brantford with Jason to sling some haybales and make some more cash oh yeah, Tim owes me like 30 bucks too, on top of the 60 in my bank so apparently I do well with the cash.	noemotion	blog
14838	I will be okay until I move to Andreas, and for a little while afterwards, I'm in no rush, but I want to be ahead of the crowd.	noemotion	blog
14839	I know I CAN do it, I just want college, that's my thing.	anticipation	blog
14840	Anyway, the smart part of me says to go to Jason's, make some cash, get stronger, get ready and train my leg to be stronger like I did on my bike.	noemotion	blog
14841	However, the loyal part of me says that since I made a promise to Whit, even though it's unpaid work, I should go to Burgessville.	trust	blog
14842	I mean, I told her on July 25th, or somewhere around there, that I'd come help out, and I wasn't backing out this time.	noemotion	blog
14843	Plus I get to see Whit, Sam, Will, and the whole High School Crew.	joy	blog
14844	I miss em all and they're the smartest, most responsible group I've ever been a part of.	trust	blog
14845	However, the playful, devil-may-care part of me tells me to fuck em all and go to London to watch movies with the Furs.	noemotion	blog
14846	In fact, I sent her an email, and she still hasn't responded, so I don't know when she'll be here.	noemotion	blog
14847	Not flamboyant Homosexuals, but people on message boards and forums.	noemotion	blog
14848	People like a guy I know named Pisher, and Kuellere.	noemotion	blog
14849	Rondoze, I think I see the source of our misunderstanding.	noemotion	blog
14850	It's a defensible opinion, however unproven.	noemotion	blog
14851	So sorry to have misunderstand you, it would help if you learned how to write.	anger	blog
14852	People like him bug me, not because they disagree with me, but because when you disagree with them, they resort to insults, and we all know how men need to have big balls and can't lose to another man, people always fall into a fight, or as it's known online, a flame war.	disgust	blog
14853	I try to stay out of them, as I can't stand my intelligence being lowered to their level, but sometimes I just want to do what Jay and Silent Bob did.	disgust	blog
14854	go to their houses and smash their faces in because they like to aggravate.	anger	blog
14855	When I go on a messageboard about movies, I like discussing things like which film was better, Pirates or Superman.	anticipation	blog
14856	I personally enjoyed Pirates more, but I thought Superman was far more artistically done with a fantastic story.	joy	blog
14857	Whereas you go on there, on one side there are people constantly saying that pirates sucked, and that nobody is allowed to like it because it sucked and it was horrible.	disgust	blog
14858	etc. or you have the folks trying to tell you that Superman was horrible.	surprise	blog
14859	despite the fact that it made nearly 200 million dollars.	noemotion	blog
14860	It's disgusting that I have to feel relieved when I find a thread that has people calmly discussing sides of an argument.	disgust	blog
14861	Well, I'm gonna go post on a board and try to ignore the flames.	noemotion	blog
14862	In case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening, and goodnight.	noemotion	blog
14863	i dont know what i want outta life.	noemotion	blog
14864	i dont like myself    quite frankly i dislike myself very much, dont ask why cause i couldnt tell you.	sadness	blog
14865	im only writing this stuff down because when i see it in writing sometime i understand myself better.	noemotion	blog
14866	i hate the word better.	disgust	blog
14867	but wat the HECK  does delight yourself in the Lord and He will give you the desires of your heart, mean.	noemotion	blog
14868	i feel like i constantly need a boyfriend.	sadness	blog
14869	i cant learn to be ok with myself alone and i dont want to have to rely on boys to make me feel like im important or worth living.	sadness	blog
14870	just giggle giggle giggle thats all they do everyday all day and all they need is a boyfriend and someone to laugh with.	joy	blog
14871	Terrorists make me SICK, they ought to all be horrifically detained, I believe it was the first time in my life I have had to resort to extreme racism.	disgust	blog
14872	Perhaps I am just being petty, but that did really annoy me.  It absolutely outrages me as to how evil, and canniving these people are.	disgust	blog
14873	Imagine, transporting a bomb, fashioned out of a SPORTS DRINK, and triggering it with the simplistic flash of a disposable camera.	noemotion	blog
14874	I just can't believe it.	surprise	blog
14875	I'm only going back now, should a member of my immediate family pass away.	sadness	blog
14876	Britain, has, evidently officially gone to the dogs if the so-called prime minister is in Mexico, whilst we could have been dealing with 3,500 innocent lives lost, on 10 different jetliners.	disgust	blog
14877	Lat night, while trying to demonstrate to Tequila Boy how effectlivley I could beat him up if he ever had a complete change of personality and decided to attack me I slipped on the carpet trying to demonstrate a roundhouse kick fell backwards and hit the wall with what I'm assured was a sickening crack.	anger	blog
14878	But it didn't hurt and it didn't seem to be bleeding to much so I shrugged ot off and went to bed.	surprise	blog
14879	Now I'm on my political soapbox, so if you find opposition to the Republican regime distasteful, feel free to exit now.	disgust	blog
14880	On a more serious note, just open up any paper or online news provider and you will find things that *should* alarm you, and which definitely are bothering me! Here is just an example from Yahoo News:.	fear	blog
14881	WASHINGTON - While the British terror suspects were hatching their plot, the Bush administration was quietly seeking permission to divert $6 million that was supposed to be spent this year developing new homeland explosives detection technology.	fear	blog
14882	We have spent billions of dollars and countless human capital expenditure on the whole Homeland Security division.	noemotion	blog
14883	We diverted funds from FEMA for this organization which, in my mind, was directly and I mean DIRECTLY tied to the disaster Katrina brought to the South.	disgust	blog
14884	That does not even begin to address the loss of our civil liberties and the insidious spread of a Gestapo or KGB-like mentality that most of America just seems to be blissfully unaware of.	disgust	blog
14885	The government can and WILL find you no matter what steps you take to try and get some privacy.	anger	blog
14886	Perhaps I'm being an alarmist, but the loss of privacy and personal freedom in the name of security SCARES me. I am fine with heightened security at airports.	fear	blog
14887	In fact, last night my Mom asked me if I am scared of flying and going on our trip.	fear	blog
14888	Honestly, I think it means that we will be SAFER for the next few months traveling.	trust	blog
14889	It's the pervasive spread of Big Brother Is Watching You that concerns me. Some people say we only have to put up with this for two more years while I say, Get me a job in Canada.	fear	blog
14890	Two wrongs can make a right in small situations.	noemotion	blog
14891	One such being the slight civil annoyance of another commuter's feet riding pride high on the train seats.	disgust	blog
14892	Often only concerned in self removal in busy or peak times.	noemotion	blog
14893	Sadly, due to current legal mud pies, forcefully conveying the issues and negatives concerned with sitting in such a state are verboten.	sadness	blog
14894	Knowing the majority's aversion to confrontations and speaking out, a ride with the feet up on the seats can usually last the entirety of a journey.	disgust	blog
14895	For those who feel powerless and fearful of repercussions, yet want to take action, there is always something more grating than knowing someone either cannot read or show respect for public seating areas.	disgust	blog
14896	Away from view and made to be the problem of another set of commuters.	disgust	blog
14897	As, after all, society has been developed to shift blame and anger ad infinitum.	disgust	blog
14898	Thank God the exam's over.	joy	blog
14899	Some questions wasn't even discussed.	noemotion	blog
14900	Plus, that theories and galaxies.	noemotion	blog
14901	i come home after two weeks and our place is fucking disgusting.	disgust	blog
14902	girlfriends and random sex junk mail and all.	noemotion	blog
14903	i didn't even get a jolt when i saw her face on comments.	noemotion	blog
14904	i still have moments and all, natrually.	noemotion	blog
14905	but i guess when you let it all go, and you realize it's time to move on and all.	sadness	blog
14906	when you come to terms with letting it go.	sadness	blog
14907	we're down to the final weeks of summer people.	anticipation	blog
14908	I hate it when certain people always seem to be better at me in everything they do.	disgust	blog
14909	even though I know inside that I could beat them at most aspects of all that.	anticipation	blog
14910	I guess I'm not going to continue with this any more.	disgust	blog
14911	I hope everything will be all right in time to come.	anticipation	blog
14912	My brain seems dead and most probably won't be able to keep up with everything else that I'm sure is going to be thrown at me. If people's minds could be weirded out.	sadness	blog
14913	The last time I watched them so close up was back when I was still a young child.	joy	blog
14914	I gave in to temptation.	joy	blog
14915	Was this how Eve felt when Satan tempted her with the forbidden fruit.	anticipation	blog
14916	I replied him, asking him to give me a call, which he did.	noemotion	blog
14917	Once again, I was like caught in the web, unable to free myself.	surprise	blog
14918	I just wanted someone I can confide about the difficulties I faced at work and the void in my life.	sadness	blog
14919	Maslow theory about our basic needs being met and wanting to find other purposes in life.	noemotion	blog
14920	I do not agree with her as my basic needs are not fulfilled yet.	anger	blog
14921	I have yet to establish a career for myself.	sadness	blog
14922	There are still hundreds and one things that I want.	anticipation	blog
14923	Yet, I do not know the means to achieve them.	sadness	blog
14924	I hate going to the dentist, well hate is a strong word.	anger	blog
14925	I dislike going to the dentist.	fear	blog
14926	All those tools, buzzing, blinding light in the face, and the doctor over you with a mask can't tell if his smiling or what.	fear	blog
14927	don't want them to fall out, while chewin' on something.	noemotion	blog
14928	Playing love and politic are alike, you have to say the words without really say them and make sure the opposite party get the impressions you want them to see.	noemotion	blog
14929	And for some reasons I dislike doing politic cause manipulating, mostly people, are what it does.	anger	blog
14930	This is twenty minutes from Pittsburgh, where my dad works, but still 6-7 hours from Swarthmore, where I go to school.	noemotion	blog
14931	He won't have to commute across three states anymore, but it'll still be a hassle for anyone to visit me or to plan for me to get home.	noemotion	blog
14932	My sister will remain in Michigan, so I thought I'd be coming back here occasionally, but she and I have had several vicious, scarring fights this summer.	sadness	blog
14933	But I've spent the last three years trying to cut off any contacts or feelings of mine to this town.	sadness	blog
14934	I've considered not coming home for holidays to see my family because I dislike this town so much.	disgust	blog
14935	The guy sitting next to me started to small-talk slash pick-girl-up-talk.	noemotion	blog
14936	Totally dangerous combination.	noemotion	blog
14937	He disengaged after the second glare.	noemotion	blog
14938	I'm going to start saying things like, Sorry, I'm moving to Mars.	noemotion	blog
14939	I invited them in and ended up with lots of pamphlets the book of Mormon.	noemotion	blog
14940	I'm not sure why I did that, or why I allowed that to happen, or whatever.	surprise	blog
14941	Maybe I wanted to fuck with myself, which usually happens anytime I feel relatively okay.	anticipation	blog
14942	so much has happened since the last time i updates.	noemotion	blog
14943	theres to many stories to tell here so i'll just give the general outline of p2p:.	noemotion	blog
14944	39 kids, 4 leaders, 1 amazing Irish woman named lynn, and 3 weeks in england ireland and wales can only lead to a once in a life time experience.	joy	blog
14945	at first i wasn't convinced that i would literally make friendships to last a life time but that changed as soon as we got on the plane.	surprise	blog
14946	mel, sully, steve, adam, gibbs, artur, erin, jacqui, will, leanne, nikki,justin, jeffy, steph, all the catherines/katies, kaela, bree, sarah grady future president of 2005 haha, sarah p, caitlin g i love you all.	joy	blog
14947	you made this trip amazing and i don't know what i'm gonna do without you.	joy	blog
14948	so i came back right in time, right before heathrow airport was put on severe high alert.	fear	blog
14949	lets just say i never want to drive a manual car again.	disgust	blog
14950	It's not like much has happened since last year.	noemotion	blog
14951	I feel more at ease now that I kind of know what I want to do with my life, but more scared because I feel like everyone is a step ahead of me. I have to admit though school has me freaked out about my future.	fear	blog
14952	What if nothing goes as planned and I can't get a job and I'm stuck doing something that I hate.	fear	blog
14953	Today I exchanged numbers with a girl in my class so we can study for our Midterm.	joy	blog
14954	One of the girls who is also in my class was in the elevator.	surprise	blog
14955	She was saying how she had the same area code and that she's from Spring Valley Weird huh.	noemotion	blog
14956	The weirdest part is her roomate is someone who I went to school with since jr. high.	noemotion	blog
14957	I'm excited to go I always like to go to different concerts and plus it will be nice to go out and do something fun.	anticipation	blog
14958	It was definitely a shocking experience, but atleast I can say I have ridden in an ambulance before.	surprise	blog
14959	Have lots of prescriptions and mental helath appointments to look forward to, but hopefully things will get better soon.	anticipation	blog
14960	I am still having trouble walking straight and am slurring a lot so excuse the grammar, but things are getting better.	anticipation	blog
14961	My mother was there for me the whole time while I was scared to death, losing consciousnes, and fearing for my life, and I will always remember that.	fear	blog
14962	The goal was to go to sleep and never wake up, but after taking 32 of those dreadful cold pills that put scars on my kidney in the first place, death was becomming all too real too fast.	sadness	blog
14963	Have you ever wanted to be with someone that is a friend of the other sex but you are afraid to ask that person.	fear	blog
14964	afraid that it would ruin your friendship with them as well as your friendship with another person.	fear	blog
14965	Never wanting to go out with someone again.	anger	blog
14966	I had a really nice conversation with Juckett, another amazing one with Phil, and then another one with Solomon.	joy	blog
14967	It was definitely a good night of conversation, although I did stay up until 12:30, and I payed for that this morning in 1st period Physics.	joy	blog
14968	But all of a sudden today it's hit me that I have all this work due.	fear	blog
14969	I have so much long-term work that I'm not sure if I'll get it all finished with band practice every night, a football game friday, and a competition all day Saturday.	sadness	blog
14970	But, tonight I'm attempting to get a good portion of it finished.	noemotion	blog
14971	I'm starting my argument on illegal immigration which I may say is turning out fantastic with the first two praragraphs I have, and I finished one of my US History charts, and I plan on outlining a bit once I start watching America's Next Top Model.	joy	blog
14972	Plus, all this stuff is being forced on me with my Dad.	anger	blog
14973	The courts and my lawyer and my therapist and my mom are all getting mad because I don't have all this time in the world to hang out with my Dad for a few hours.	anger	blog
14974	I turned the channel to ESPN because the DirectTv satellite guide said NFL Live was on.	noemotion	blog
14975	Instead of NFL Live, I get Barry Zito of the Oakland A's rambling on about somebody who just died.	disgust	blog
14976	Don't be afraid to weigh in on the subject.	noemotion	blog
14977	I turned the channel to ESPN because the DirectTv satellite guide said NFL Live was on.	anticipation	blog
14978	Instead of NFL Live, I get Barry Zito of the Oakland A's rambling on about somebody who just died.	disgust	blog
14979	I'm sorry someone died, but to mislead me like that is inexcusable.	anger	blog
14980	Don't be afraid to weigh in on the subject.	fear	blog
14981	even though i wasnt in the right mood, a.k.a : my mind was in portland, it was  a really good flick.	joy	blog
14982	it was one of the movies i was told to watch.	noemotion	blog
14983	i told mom i am paying rent, she said no you arent!.	surprise	blog
14984	she stopped talking about it, started mumbling about porcaline and what time she has to start the bisk.	noemotion	blog
14985	i dont want her to think that i will never take her suggestions as useful or necessary, because i cant say that wont happen.	noemotion	blog
14986	how much would you pay for your safe haven.	noemotion	blog
14987	the key bank woman reassured me that the BRINKS people, when they find cards that dont belong to key bank, shred up the cards.	trust	blog
14988	what i was worried about, someone trying to steal money off my card, isnt going to happen.	fear	blog
14989	and anything she says, no matter how sweet the voice is is nasty and mean spirited.	disgust	blog
14990	and me with my explaining skills wont show her how what she just said stung.	sadness	blog
14991	i get stuck, cant think of the right term and lose my train of thought.	sadness	blog
14992	thus getting myself more pissed and less willing to finish what i was just trying to say.	anger	blog
14993	and i end up doing what she says because i cant get over the fact i stumbled in a sentence 5 minutes prior.	sadness	blog
14994	i cant wait to visit portland again, though right now i dont think ill be able to go back until i have payed rent.	anticipation	blog
14995	but if it takes 2 weeks for me to get a pay check and the first week of work is counted into the next two weeks anyway.	noemotion	blog
14996	so really my first pay check will be in 3 weeks and i cant afford to be late with rent.	fear	blog
14997	i might have to borrow from mom, since ive payed her off, but then shell know i dont have any of the money left and.	fear	blog
14998	but im more worried about losing the one i love, even though i cant have her right now.	fear	blog
14999	i know this is cheesy and maybe pointless but i am going to say it anyway.	noemotion	blog
15000	I went to the dentist today was some fillings and instead I got a root canal.	surprise	blog
15001	First they gave me a swab to numb my gums, then two shots.	noemotion	blog
15002	Then they fucked around with my teeth, which never hurt except for the clamp, but I was on edge, because it felt like it was about to hurt, like any moment they might hit a nerve.	anger	blog
15003	so the nurse was doing suction, and she accidently hit the rubber sheath across my mouth isolating the tooth which made a very loud noise in my ear, so I flinched, and the dentist was like It's not big deal, show her it's nothing to be afraid of so she did it again and I really freaked out, really flinched and even cried out and then I starting crying.	surprise	blog
15004	Anyway it wasn't too bad, except they didn't do any fillings, so I still have a loser mouth.	sadness	blog
15005	as unexpectedly and elusively as the innernets appear, SO DO THEY STOP DISAPEAR.	surprise	blog
15006	so hi, friends, it is me, and i'm in my sweatpants and barefoot.	noemotion	blog
15007	tres lux, as compared to going out in public.	noemotion	blog
15008	totally true access hollywood says so.	noemotion	blog
15009	i made a girl that i think looks like me, dressed her in a pink jacket with ballet flats and put a cupcake in her hand.	anticipation	blog
15010	my spendy muscles are, like, twitching in anticipation but i don't know.	anticipation	blog
15011	should i come up with something on my own.	noemotion	blog
15012	today at work i popped advils and helped a mother and daughter figure out some drapes for the daughter's bedroom.	noemotion	blog
15013	and it turns out that the daughter and i both graduated from brockport this spring.	joy	blog
15014	her degree is in dance, which is about as useful as my studio art degree.	disgust	blog
15015	she's living at home with her parents now and she's not feeling very good about herself.	sadness	blog
15016	except no, cos she's thinking about going to school for nursing, and i've been knitting like a mofo.	noemotion	blog
15017	fingerless gloves or bust, so help me god.	anticipation	blog
15018	something good is going to happen if it kills me. i think i threw out my back hunching over hence the advils, but that's nothin.	anticipation	blog
15019	He had wanted to call either Yohji or Schuldig last night, but Deguchi had kept him busy attending a ball, not returning home until three in the morning.	noemotion	blog
15020	Brad had promptly fallen asleep, having been up at dawn to make it across the island for the deal that morning.	noemotion	blog
15021	At least they hadn't needed to be anywhere until lunch this morning.	noemotion	blog
15022	And Deguchi didn't have another social function planned until tomorrow night.	surprise	blog
15023	It was merely golf all day tomorrow and then the party that night.	noemotion	blog
15024	And Brad couldn't wait to get home.	anticipation	blog
15025	But in the meantime, he had free time, as Deguchi was passed out in his room from too much liquor and too little sleep and the desire to be as perky as possible for his golf game tomorrow.	noemotion	blog
15026	It was a pleasant Tuesday evening in Hawai'i, Wednesday at home, Brad reminded himself automatically, and he had the doors to the balcony open wide and was sitting on the lone chair looking out over the ocean.	noemotion	blog
15027	He just hoped that Yohji had time to talk.	noemotion	blog
15028	I didn't go to Speech this morning because there was nothing else for me to turn in.	sadness	blog
15029	Instead, I went shopping for sandals to wear to graduation.	noemotion	blog
15030	In Drawing, we played Ms. Wolf's Fun Game.	noemotion	blog
15031	Even Aaron played, although he hadn't signed up.	noemotion	blog
15032	The Fun Game itself involved cardboard boxes with mystery items in them and our job was to decorate the boxes any way we wanted.	joy	blog
15033	When it came time to trade boxes and open them, people kept avoiding mine because it left blue paint all over anyone who touched it.	sadness	blog
15034	Pacheco asked if he could put some on me and he painted me up like a cat, with green-and-purple whiskers and a smudgy pink heart for the tip of my nose.	noemotion	blog
15035	He asked if I could help make him up like a clown, and then the two of us painted Ryan's face like a hooker.	joy	blog
15036	I was laughing up at Josh Bloomfield and Peter, when someone spoke softly behind me, very fast.	joy	blog
15037	I wanted to wipe the green-and-purple whiskers off with my hands, but was afraid of making it worse, so I didn't do anything.	noemotion	blog
15038	Ryan was kind of standing on the outside of the group, which makes sense, I guess.	noemotion	blog
15039	As Mink turned from his locker and slid through the crowd, Ryan watched him go.	noemotion	blog
15040	And - you know Leif Carlson? - me and Leif sat together and that guy shows up late on the first day of class and he was at our same table.	noemotion	blog
15041	He - you know, he had that big coat, and his hair was all shiny and slicked back - and he doesn't smile - so, we just thought. Ryan waved his hands abruptly to show what it was they thought.	noemotion	blog
15042	When I am really actually honest, I'm just as superficial as anybody else.	noemotion	blog
15043	They cause tears to run down my cheeks and make me want to fall to my knees.	sadness	blog
15044	Backing out of that driveway getting further and further away from you was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.	sadness	blog
15045	I'm so scared that everytime that I see you it's going to be my last time and I never want to leave your side.	fear	blog
15046	my quilt is finally coming along though i am alsorts of excited.	joy	blog
15047	anyways i wont b here all weekend i will b in penn state with a bunch of male bleeders and my brother laughing out loud so there ttyl byes.	anticipation	blog
15048	But when you want money for people with minds that hate.	noemotion	blog
15049	But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao.	noemotion	blog
15050	As long as capitalism reigns in America, the gulf between the haves and the have-nots will widen until it is an insurmountable chasm filled with the broken bodies of whipped slaves.	disgust	blog
15051	What will it take to rise above and leave this human ashtray that we've been snubbed into.	disgust	blog
15052	It will take an exit from the current, compromised system.	noemotion	blog
15053	Words and phrases like terrorist, anti-semitic, anti-war, Islamo-fascist, protest and communist.	noemotion	blog
15054	That last one alone has been responsible for more fear-mongering than the presently seated Bush administration has been able to muster in the past six years, and that's a pretty tall order.	disgust	blog
15055	The BOO! machine runs full-time at the White House these days.	anger	blog
15056	What's interesting about their motivations is that most of what we're supposed to be afraid of is actually simply informative alternatives to the status quo: the fear of change.	fear	blog
15057	The government wants us to be afraid of terrorists so that they can pass more questionable legislation that makes it easier to control us.	fear	blog
15058	They want us to not criticize the Zionists who give the Jews a bad name, because of how much Zionists influence U.S. foriegn policy in the name of Israel.	noemotion	blog
15059	They want us to be scared of protesting and dissenting in the name of freedom, because there are more of us than there are of THEM.	fear	blog
15060	I even suggest that the government has always wished us to be afraid of communism, because it goes against the very thing that government relies upon to keep it rolling: capitalism.	noemotion	blog
15061	From the Red Scare and the Communist witch-hunt of the 50's with Senator Joe McCarthy aggressively pursuing perceived threats to the safety and security of America, to the current fear and loathing of so-called communist countries such as North Korea, Cuba and China, actual communism has never, ever existed.	disgust	blog
15062	Dictators like Fidel Castro and Kim Jong Il oversee police-states, but aren't purveyors of actual communism as espoused by Marx.	disgust	blog
15063	Like other socialists, Marx and Engels sought an end to capitalism and the systems which they perceived to be responsible for the exploitation of workers.	noemotion	blog
15064	But whereas earlier socialists often favored longer-term social reform, Marx and Engels believed that popular revolution was all but inevitable, and the only path to socialism.	noemotion	blog
15065	Even within so-called modern communism, there are many splits and factions, notably between Marxist/Leninist communists and anarchists.	noemotion	blog
15066	I was led, through an interesting internet surfing session, to a full-on philosophical debate between members of these two camps in which it appears as though the Leninist scored a numbing defeat.	noemotion	blog
15067	While perusing the pages detailing the battle of words, I ran across a detailed look at just what the revolution might look like, if it truly indeed ever happened.	noemotion	blog
15068	For that matter, it looks as if it could be happening right now, no matter what -ism you slap it with.	noemotion	blog
15069	And it makes pretty clear the idea that the continuation of this charade of voting booths and elected officials is never going to turn America around and make it the Utopia that many hope it will become; unless the people get serious about organizing and ceasing this selfish, alienating style of life that we cling to.	disgust	blog
15070	The very act of revolution demands a will stronger than Dancing With The Stars, Cribs and the latest incarnation of CSI.	noemotion	blog
15071	We are a nation of air-conditioned, drive-thru frequenting, automatic can-opener using, processed meat-eating, hands-free restroom-using workers.	disgust	blog
15072	We live to work, but work is not our collective life.	noemotion	blog
15073	We work because the system demands that we operate the machinery.	noemotion	blog
15074	Only after we have been put through the schools, which teach us not to think for ourselves or question what we're taught, only after we're encouraged to seek higher learning in order to make the highest dollar, do we then enter a life-long engagement in a vocation that keeps us away from the things we actually wish to do.	sadness	blog
15075	The dream that you can fight hard and work to get ahead, put money away and eventually leave the factory of human flesh, at age 65, to finally live what's left of your shriveled life, aided by the promise of a Social Security plan that our dear leader, the Decider is actually trying to privatize, just like our national banking system.	disgust	blog
15076	The dollar buys a nickel's worth; banks are going bust; shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter; punks are running wild in the street, and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it.	disgust	blog
15077	We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat.	sadness	blog
15078	And we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.	sadness	blog
15079	We sit in the house, and slowly the world we're living in is getting smaller, and all we say is, Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms.	disgust	blog
15080	Well, I'm not going to leave you alone.	anger	blog
15081	I don't want you to write to your Congressman, because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write.	noemotion	blog
15082	I don't know what to do about the depression and the inflation and the Russians and the crime in the street.	sadness	blog
15083	and I'm not going to take this anymore.	anger	blog
15084	Just at the mere thought of the source of longing makes you want to cry, to sob out the truth of your heart.	sadness	blog
15085	Longing is not for the faint of heart, but longing will make you weak in the heart.	joy	blog
15086	I volunteered at a store once but that was about it.	noemotion	blog
15087	I was more tired because I was used to sleeping in until like 10 but now I have to wake up at 7.	noemotion	blog
15088	The only thing is where I work is a tax law firm place and I don't know any of the terms so I'm learning as I go.	noemotion	blog
15089	Luckily I don't have to do much with numbers cause I deal mostly with the phone, oh and did I mention they don't mind if we're on AIM, check our e-mail, or look up random stuff online as long as we get our work done.	joy	blog
15090	Oh and my mentor, she's Catholic and she teaches CCD so me and her get along pretty good.	joy	blog
15091	Well I guess we'll see what happens later with my job.	anticipation	blog
15092	I won't pay attention in class and miss assignments, I'm always afraid I'm going to forget to do something or something's gonna spring up on me and AAAAAAH.	fear	blog
15093	It just feels like my brain has ceased to function.	noemotion	blog
15094	Or like there like, fluff in it instead of a brain.	noemotion	blog
15095	I can't pay attention, I can't think straight, I can't even talk.	fear	blog
15096	People will be talking and I'll want to join in on the conversation but I won't have anything to SAY so when I do say something it's last minute and flustered and everybody looks at me like.	fear	blog
15097	' and continues talking to someone else.	noemotion	blog
15098	Today, I was pulled out of a meeting by our building manager, who was in a blind panic.	noemotion	blog
15099	The problem turned out to be that I needed to choose a paint color for the walls of the new office space.	noemotion	blog
15100	This was apparently an emergency.	surprise	blog
15101	Why yes, I have in fact spent the rest of the day imagining paint-based emergencies.	other	blog
15102	Nurse, a can of the #47 crocus blue satin finish.	noemotion	blog
15103	Anyway, we tracked down the paint chip sample brochure buried on the receptionist's desk, and I pulled out my carpet samples, preparing to face my daunting choice--which turned out to be between two nearly identical shades of office off-white.	noemotion	blog
15104	I went with the slightly more creamy white, rather than the slightly more grey white.	noemotion	blog
15105	The other is appalling crap: disorganized, blatantly pseudoscientific, and misogynistic.	disgust	blog
15106	The pseudoscience could probably be blamed at least in part on its late-70s vintage - maybe things like multiple personality disorder and schizophrenia were so poorly understood and poorly approached at the time that this gobbledegook was passable or else maybe these disorders were so poorly understood that they were as hokey to established science as poltergeists.	noemotion	blog
15107	I suppose attitudes towards women have changed a lot too, but this was so awful I threw up my hands and returned the book before leaving the library.	disgust	blog
15108	He goes on to describe her in later years as unhappily married, fat, and sullen.	disgust	blog
15109	The result is that all of his comments about the sexual energy of any of his mostly female, mostly pubescent subjects come out with a kind of leer behind them.	disgust	blog
15110	It wasn't performed by Lionel Ritchie this time, but by Faith No More.	noemotion	blog
15111	There's currently a commercial on rotation, I advertising what capitalistic piece of crap it is this time, but it is a terrible, terrible, cover of In a Big Country.	disgust	blog
15112	I also heard somewhere that the song was covered by Dashboard Confessional.	noemotion	blog
15113	I see this commercial every morning; it is an omen for a very bad day.	disgust	blog
15114	We have all had or are still having, perhaps for the rest of our lives our encounters with stupid people, but it's the ones who just won't stop bothering you that are among some of the worst.	disgust	blog
15115	Somebody fucking invited me to a Facebook group called Sally is cooler than your mom.	anger	blog
15116	Okay, if you're going to be cooler than anyone, saying that you're cooler than my mom is a fucking given.	noemotion	blog
15117	But then again, even my mom is greater than Sally.	disgust	blog
15118	Three angry customers; as a matter of fact, that last week alone at Pier 1 was the only week where I met troublesome customers.	anger	blog
15119	Very odd and peculiar.	surprise	blog
15120	Some chick named Monica called and asked if I could work.	noemotion	blog
15121	Oh I know, the kids who are voted Best Dressed in school.	noemotion	blog
15122	Isn't it aggravating when someone is practically demanding you to hang out with them.	anger	blog
15123	Sure, it's nice to see people wanting to be within your presence, but when they step over the line and enter the realm of stupidity, self-esteem issues and denial of self-being, well then I want to do nothing but kick you in the fucking baby maker.	disgust	blog
15124	But a video like that has to be stuck in there somewhere.	noemotion	blog
15125	The closest to the origanal is Panic!s cover on This is Halloween.	noemotion	blog
15126	That is probably a good thing.	joy	blog
15127	I am never totally sure who is reading people who don't have time or inclination to comment.	noemotion	blog
15128	or maybe there is nothing worth comment upon?and that influences what I share, too.	noemotion	blog
15129	I tend to have great ideas about commentary about midday, and don't get around to blogging until later and the mood has passed.	sadness	blog
15130	I struggle with the Catholic concept of baptism being a gift we give infants because it is God's gift to us.	noemotion	blog
15131	Having the girls baptized is not something I will regret, as I plan to raise them cognizant of and faithful to the faith.	trust	blog
15132	They can always choose not to go to church.	noemotion	blog
15133	And maybe having been baptized Catholic, they will come back to the church.	noemotion	blog
15134	I an not afraid of having lots of children.	joy	blog
15135	I am not afraid of having another child.	anticipation	blog
15136	I just know having another one right now would cause great havoc in the tender new environment that Dave and I have with the girls now.	fear	blog
15137	And God provided all sorts of opportunities for us to use knowledge in regard to family planning.	noemotion	blog
15138	The next time I actually get you on the phone when you're not atired bnot in the mood or cjust plain not wanting to talk to me please don't elect to watch a movie instead of having a conversation with me. It's these types of choices that make it hard for me to justify trying to be your friend.	sadness	blog
15139	Me: Yah uh, I was with about 12 other people ready to watch a movie we were supposed to start an hour before for a class, Kinda already planned.	anticipation	blog
15140	It's those types of choices that make it hard for me to justify a friendship.	sadness	blog
15141	first let me say, this is one of the stupidest fucking reasons to be once again pissy with someone.	anger	blog
15142	Ive noticed an abundance are usually about me, and rather stupid.	disgust	blog
15143	every once in awhile one or two titles will catch my eye and I will read it, but for the most part i really am sick and tired to stupid repetitive shit.	disgust	blog
15144	Not to mention the same learning experiences and new discoveries or opinionated ideas towards me that always seem to change week to week, so whatever.	anger	blog
15145	i attempted to have a normal conversation with him, and apparently my basic human right to hang up whenever I choose to do so, Is not allowed.	disgust	blog
15146	Court was intimidating but I did good.	surprise	blog
15147	Traffic court is uh, a lot more serious than I thought.	surprise	blog
15148	And It got ruled that it was my vehicles fault not mine, and the I got minimum sentence possible for my ticket.	noemotion	blog
15149	The results: Careless Driving required when you hydroplane and 2 points on my driving record and 60 dollar fine.	noemotion	blog
15150	No biggy, but it was not angled no popped tire and the smoke was dark black, I know that's not normal.	noemotion	blog
15151	This kid was in the back seat with the door open and his leg hanging out.	joy	blog
15152	I walked up to him Whats going on, you need some help.	anticipation	blog
15153	So i Told him it was on fire I dont think he heard me, So i grabbed his smeater and yanked him out of the car, he stumbled back, dropped his shit and looked at me pissed what the fuck lady we got about four or five steps from the vehicle when the gas tanked popped not a hollywood explosion here people and burning gas flew out everywhere, catching the grass on fire, blowing out both rear tires and because the door was open, the interior of the vehicle started going up in flames.	surprise	blog
15154	after some silence from the driver his attitude changed and hes like thanks that could have been me and repeated oh my god while I got an ETA on police and fire from dispatch and gave her information.	surprise	blog
15155	The news people showed up, talked to the kid and he pointed at me while I was telling the cop I had to go, because i really did not want to be late, and I left.	noemotion	blog
15156	after though I was thinking about it, it would have been kinda cool to get interviewed for pulling him out.	sadness	blog
15157	I remain anonymous in the newspaper and life goes on.	noemotion	blog
15158	but If it was more discrete, and people only saw the car in the ditch, or only saw me take out the sign, how long would it have taken someone to stop.	noemotion	blog
15159	People drive by this stuff everyday, I think I look at it differently because of my experiences and the department, so I stop.	noemotion	blog
15160	And I want to go to buffalo wild wings with Jen.	noemotion	blog
15161	the speedometer broke on my way down, but it decided to fix itself.	noemotion	blog
15162	But uncle beeve saved the day and fixed a bunch of stuff for me. Called it an early Birthday present, he is so amazing.	joy	blog
15163	Than i drove to lake wood around familiar routes to try and get my confidence back with driving.	joy	blog
15164	While I was in lakewood I surprised Brian and we met Scooty for lunch, suprised him too.	surprise	blog
15165	Just what I needed to collect myself and continue home.	joy	blog
15166	Novmber 11th is the next time i will for sure be there for the weekend, I have courtney and im coming down early to stay at scotts.	anticipation	blog
15167	He does not know this yet, I need to call him this week.	noemotion	blog
15168	I can't wait to go on a night drive with Brian and just chill out there for awhile.	anticipation	blog
15169	But Maria does not want me too, so Paul came in for me. My finger needs to get better faster.	anticipation	blog
15170	So, Im going out with some friends later, do some homework, both our work uniforms are dirty all of them so I think I might do laundry, and make our bed.	noemotion	blog
15171	Im going to mail grandma a letter tonight.	joy	blog
15172	They both just lost their husbands and Vegas grandma has had more time, were hoping she will help Canada grandma feel better.	sadness	blog
15173	I am so proud of my sister.	joy	blog
15174	I can't relate to 99% of humanity.	disgust	blog
15175	After watching the middle-aged geeky character, Seymour Steve Buscemi in Ghost World, I can't but help agreeing with him.	joy	blog
15176	Okay, I can relate to more than 1% of humanity, but lately I don't like it's more than 25%.	disgust	blog
15177	And not even that I can't relate, or try to.	noemotion	blog
15178	And I don't mean don't fit in in a sort of sad-emo-subculture-wearing black all the time thing.	noemotion	blog
15179	What also started me thinking like this is the whole dating issue.	noemotion	blog
15180	There is a type and he's very elusive.	noemotion	blog
15181	But, back to reasons that I don't relate to *74%* of humanity:.	sadness	blog
15182	I don't think that the place to meet a potential love interest is at a party.	noemotion	blog
15183	And you know what kind I mean, because parties in general are okay, but I mean drunken ragers and the like.	noemotion	blog
15184	I don't think it's okay to display women provocatively everywhere just to sell a product.	disgust	blog
15185	I am, quite honestly, furious and they WILL be getting an angry letter from me, even though won't care, I'm sure because as much as they would like you to think that they aren't part of the machine they are.	anger	blog
15186	Go ahead, care about the environment, but don't care about demeaning women.	disgust	blog
15187	I don't like the movie Top Gun.	disgust	blog
15188	I don't think money buys happiness.	noemotion	blog
15189	I don't think sex begets happiness.	noemotion	blog
15190	I actually take notice of nice days, smells, etc. and appreciate it, appreciate the luxuriousness of things like that and let it effect me.  I don't just trample it in my Uggs.	joy	blog
15191	I try not to listen to rap because it perpetuates stereotypes.	disgust	blog
15192	Nor do I continually inflect the ends of my sentences upwards.	noemotion	blog
15193	People are just rude and selfish, and I know I'm victim too, but I don't want to be like that.	disgust	blog
15194	I get the feeling that a lot of people want to be like that.	noemotion	blog
15195	It's part of getting older, and that sounds cliched, that makes me realize that I'm not a fan of the typical college girl thing.	noemotion	blog
15196	Its not my bag and I don't really even want to be around it.	disgust	blog
15197	What is so wrong about REMEMBERING the weekend.	anger	blog
15198	When are people going to step it up and join humanity.	disgust	blog
15199	or at least the percentage I can deal with.	noemotion	blog
15200	And where are the intelligent, attractive, respectful guys who aren't frat boys, who just wear jeans and t-shirts and $30 tennis shoes, who like to read and watch movies.	noemotion	blog
15201	And who have some sense of style but are still kind of dorky but have social skills.	noemotion	blog
15202	So I kept walking straight, and the dog that crossed the street turned around and saw me and growled, I was like  oh shit Jorge, just keep walking.	fear	blog
15203	So i did, and then the second dog growls at me too, and Im like  Should I run or keep walking.	fear	blog
15204	So I kept walking and then the other dog that crossed the street comes back running at me and I said OHH SHIT.	fear	blog
15205	And I saw a house with the gate door opened slightly, and i squeezed in there sumhow sumway.	noemotion	blog
15206	I knoe im skinny but DAMN.	surprise	blog
15207	So yeah, i stayed in that house for like three minutes then i got up and checked to see if the dogs were gone, and they were, so i tried squeezing out the same way I squeezed in but I didnt fit, so i just opened the door and left.	fear	blog
15208	Just remember, in the winter, far beneath the bitter snow,.	noemotion	blog
15209	It's the second stanza that caught my attention; more specifically, it's those two first lines: It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance./It's the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance.	joy	blog
15210	There is a prospect, and I think I am going to go for him.	anticipation	blog
15211	Nothing grand, mind you; this is one that must be handled with a delicate touch: nothing rash, nothing rushed let it flow.	trust	blog
15212	I have considered the possibility for a while now, but I have been apprehensive, and I did not act on what I felt.	sadness	blog
15213	And then, just the other day, I was driving down 470 on the way to college, listening to 105.5, and a beautiful song came on that I had not heard before.	surprise	blog
15214	Naturally, it took a few lines to catch my attention, and I began to pay attention just as those two lines were being sung by Ms. Middler.	joy	blog
15215	The words made me think Now I have thought, and thought, and you who know me best will not be surprised that I thought some more.	noemotion	blog
15216	I did an SAT Lit practice test on each bus ride, because I am cool, and I did better than I expected.	surprise	blog
15217	The staff is currently in the process of archiving every one of these 30-45 second clips ever made, so I spent almost all day going through them.	noemotion	blog
15218	I had to listen to each fully and make note of any audio or labelling defects and whether there was an advertisement at the end.	anticipation	blog
15219	At first I thought that someone had inexplicably decided to RV in the middle of Broadway, but a man with a French accent told me it was for a Will Smith movie.	surprise	blog
15220	I love the two guys who work at that Starbucks - they're awesomely flamboyant and they told me about how Cameron Diaz came in for a latte during their shift last week but without Justin.	joy	blog
15221	I didn't see Will Smith although the French Prince is usually my shit, I think I would have had to punch him on behalf of everyone who's heard Switch, but the girl on the elevator with me said she had just randomly seen Mike Myers.	anger	blog
15222	That afternoon - *gulp* - Lawler came to observe me. When I heard she was coming, I spazzed, afraid that she might have an issue with the fact that I never, you know, handed in any of my internship forms.	fear	blog
15223	Of course, as soon as she came in, John came over and said, You realize, Molly, that you're not allowed visitors, and we will have to give you thirty more lashes.	noemotion	blog
15224	Then she proceeded to call me Meghan** and went through the required but hilariously inapplicable hazardous chemicals/safety concerns set of questions while the interns around me tried to stifle their laughter.	joy	blog
15225	I'm pretty sure you can see him during The Onion segment in The Aristocrats.	noemotion	blog
15226	I got a call this morning asking me to come in for an interview today at 1:30pm.	anticipation	blog
15227	When I got there, I went in and told them I was there and waited.	noemotion	blog
15228	I was called in and 2 guys interviewed me. I was completely honest throughout the interview from telling them about the handcuff story with Danika to the dirty joke story when I was working at the movie theatre.	trust	blog
15229	At one point I apologized for being so nervous and they told me that there were people a lot worse and that I wasn't using the words uh and um as often as others had been.	surprise	blog
15230	They told me that they would set me up for the next interview by calling me in the next day or 2.	anticipation	blog
15231	The next interview is with the general manager of the store, it will likely take place on Saturday.	anticipation	blog
15232	The 2 interviewing me were thinking of placing me in digital imaging due to my background with photography and video editing, I told them that it would likely turn out to be too easy for me in the long run and that I was hoping for a position more challenging so that I could learn more overall.	noemotion	blog
15233	I said that I want to work in the TV department as I want to learn more about them.	anticipation	blog
15234	Where they will decide to place me is up to them, as long as I get the job, I'll be really happy.	anticipation	blog
15235	Oh, if I get a job at Futureshop, It looks like I would be starting there around November 8th.	noemotion	blog
15236	Tomorrow: Gotta go to MDG for the last time to pick up my paycheck for that week and a half I was there.	noemotion	blog
15237	Saturday: Hopefully the interview at futureshop.	anticipation	blog
15238	Oct 21st: If I'm free, I want to check out Brad Sucks live in concert.	anticipation	blog
15239	That one chick I dislike with a passion because I think she is obsessed with Gareth and really likes him.	anger	blog
15240	I never would do that, but I had to because I was speculating about the whole thing.	noemotion	blog
15241	and I was freak it.	noemotion	blog
15242	when I got home I was really nervous I hadn't talk to Gareth for 2 days because of college.	fear	blog
15243	So I tell him it took me FOREVER To tell him but i was shakey and nervous to.	fear	blog
15244	Then he said that he's not worried about her taking him away from me.	anticipation	blog
15245	He's like yeah he would wait a couple of weeks and delete her.	anger	blog
15246	And I hate these mistakes I do.	disgust	blog
15247	all i can say in my defense is that whatever they're thinking isn't true.	noemotion	blog
15248	See you tomarrow.	noemotion	blog
15249	The tingling of my fingers.	noemotion	blog
15250	The fog that replaces my brain.	noemotion	blog
15251	Almost past the tv.	noemotion	blog
15252	I just came back yesterday from California.	noemotion	blog
15253	Here are some pics.	noemotion	blog
15254	You don't know their middle name or the age of their sister.	noemotion	blog
15255	Yet you know things about them that not even their parents know, and it doesn't matter.	noemotion	blog
15256	We had one last semester and now we have one this semester.	noemotion	blog
15257	Hellhammer did a lot of family time this event.	noemotion	blog
15258	well, sort of.	noemotion	blog
15259	I didn't even mean to.	noemotion	blog
15260	All I know was stuff is moving, do this.	noemotion	blog
15261	I even sometimes think I need more tables.I did get to pick up some tables during the rush.	noemotion	blog
15262	I made 23% of what I sold last night.	noemotion	blog
15263	This is how most friday and Saturday nights go.	noemotion	blog
15264	I didn't get around to it last night, but I will, and he is quite the little photogenic looking type.	noemotion	blog
15265	Lowbrow/highbrow bifurcation, anyone.	noemotion	blog
15266	To pencil in those few vacant nanosecs I read Dennis Perrin's Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue.	noemotion	blog
15267	Drat.	noemotion	blog
15268	Burn.	noemotion	blog
15269	Everything will soon become clear.	noemotion	blog
15270	It is high time the world stood up and recognised Indian cinema.	noemotion	blog
15271	Therell always be naysayers.	noemotion	blog
15272	Thats right, only 2 more until showtime.	noemotion	blog
15273	I don't know if anyone read the blog I posted last night.	noemotion	blog
15274	I stand by what I said in that I don't know if I'm going to be filming ever again.	noemotion	blog
15275	It wasn't meant to be that way, but it was.	noemotion	blog
15276	I really don't know how you put up with me.	noemotion	blog
15277	Hey all .	noemotion	blog
15278	yea well im gonna go now.	noemotion	blog
15279	whenever i can.	noemotion	blog
15280	Grace Danielle was born Wendsday, October 11, 2006 at 11:48 AM.	noemotion	blog
15281	But anyways.	noemotion	blog
15282	My name is ashley.	noemotion	blog
15283	then yesterday, the tournament in ajax.	noemotion	blog
15284	i learned a lot about the game.	noemotion	blog
15285	his dog was sooo cute.	noemotion	blog
15286	o'connor monday.	noemotion	blog
15287	anyway.	noemotion	blog
15288	i'm kinda in that zone now.	noemotion	blog
15289	i don't know why.	noemotion	blog
15290	i didn't think the focus was there but it is there now.	noemotion	blog
15291	Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting.	noemotion	blog
15292	Even it maybe means i won't see you screen again.	noemotion	blog
15293	So I went to spend the night at Irvine's Eye Patch's place.	noemotion	blog
15294	I can't remember all the little details or they just don't make much sense.	noemotion	blog
15295	BUT HEY.	noemotion	blog
15296	WHAT ARE DREAMS FOR.	noemotion	blog
15297	;_;.	noemotion	blog
15298	All that stuff I just have to imagine or dream up for now.	noemotion	blog
15299	I ate some Bison yesterday it was boss.	noemotion	blog
15300	I got a B on my German Lit Test.	noemotion	blog
15301	I've left my Apollodorus Library of Greek Mythology on my bedside table, having just finished Jason and the Argonauts.	noemotion	blog
15302	The point of this spiel was.	noemotion	blog
15303	I can't imagine my bedroom without all these books.	noemotion	blog
15304	And by extension.	noemotion	blog
15305	barely touching upon these cultures and these texts.	noemotion	blog
15306	I had bought him a flask with the Latin inscription Te Amo on it.	noemotion	blog
15307	He had bought me a statue of the.	noemotion	blog
15308	Heh.	noemotion	blog
15309	Of course they are.	noemotion	blog
15310	Phil.	noemotion	blog
15311	p.s. Where did my sanity go.	noemotion	blog
15312	So I'm sittin' at the C Dubs bar right now on Chun's computer typing a blog to update all you people out there.	noemotion	blog
15313	So Adam and I went to App State to go hiking.	noemotion	blog
15314	When they were together everyone was equal.	noemotion	blog
15315	Which was such a contrast when compared to the small group I belonged to.	noemotion	blog
15316	There were also other various events that I ended up doing on my own, due to the lack of interest from others in my group.	noemotion	blog
15317	Everyone has been given a gift in life.	noemotion	blog
15318	My son.	noemotion	blog
15319	This is his first year in band.	noemotion	blog
15320	Every now and then.	noemotion	blog
15321	My husband who was not going to work today.	noemotion	blog
15322	decided to go to work.	noemotion	blog
15323	How nice for him.	noemotion	blog
15324	But.	noemotion	blog
15325	Mike, James, Victoria and I.	noemotion	blog
15326	look at my pics.	noemotion	blog
15327	leslie, steve, mark, aj, and josh.	noemotion	blog
15328	well, it could have been better if.	noemotion	blog
15329	well you know.	noemotion	blog
15330	Ok. Here is how yeterday went.	noemotion	blog
15331	Joe and Matt picked me up and took me over there.	noemotion	blog
15332	I rode on the firetruck w/ the cheerleders and v-ball players.	noemotion	blog
15333	I threw Mardi Gras Beads at Matt and Joe.	noemotion	blog
15334	after that we went to Wal-mart and walked around.	noemotion	blog
15335	the band perfomed.	noemotion	blog
15336	but yea.	noemotion	blog
15337	Here I am again.	noemotion	blog
15338	Broadcasting this time from the New World.	noemotion	blog
15339	So, to the task.	noemotion	blog
15340	Well.	noemotion	blog
15341	So he just took his backpack with him and came on my tour.	noemotion	blog
15342	While in London I also saw Coriolanus at the Globe Theater.	noemotion	blog
15343	Especially the British Museum.	noemotion	blog
15344	Soooo many monuments, including two statues in front of Buckingham Palace that had a conspicuous Communist message.	noemotion	blog
15345	It was a worker with a hammer and a peasant woman with a sickle situated behind Queen Victoria's back , and glowering at the palace.	noemotion	blog
15346	Now maybe I was just reading too much into this, or maybe I had spent too much time in the eastern bloc talking about Communist symbolism.	noemotion	blog
15347	But I don't' think so.	noemotion	blog
15348	So.	noemotion	blog
15349	I ended up doing tours out there for the duration of the summer.	noemotion	blog
15350	Now add a couple of poorly placed ancient columns.	noemotion	blog
15351	But two days back to back was more than enough.	noemotion	blog
15352	Just FYI.	noemotion	blog
15353	They also bake bread for you on the plane so that your in flight meal is fresh.	noemotion	blog
15354	And they weren't kidding.	noemotion	blog
15355	What's more, we had the whole place to ourselves.	noemotion	blog
15356	But not feta.	noemotion	blog
15357	Haloumi.	noemotion	blog
15358	Haloumi has nothing to do with Feta.	noemotion	blog
15359	People say London or Paris is expensive; no.	noemotion	blog
15360	Zurich is expensive.	noemotion	blog
15361	But we didn't let that discourage us.	noemotion	blog
15362	After our detox detour en Suisse, we headed via night train to Paris.	noemotion	blog
15363	And people are out in them all the time.	noemotion	blog
15364	So we went across the street to the park, it was about 2:00 pm.	noemotion	blog
15365	There were people all over the place, and lots of benches and chairs.	noemotion	blog
15366	Well, when in Rome.	noemotion	blog
15367	so we did the same.	noemotion	blog
15368	Had a little hour sleep, got back up and headed back into the colossal Louvre for another few hours.	noemotion	blog
15369	Thus, is my two year Grande Tour at an end.	noemotion	blog
15370	The last few weeks I've been in Lubbock, trying to readjust to life in America and spending lots of time with my family.	noemotion	blog
15371	There was a lot to pack in.	noemotion	blog
15372	I'll be in New York for New Year's, so if you're going to be in that area, let me know and we'll ring it in together.	noemotion	blog
15373	All the best till we meet again.	noemotion	blog
15374	So.	noemotion	blog
15375	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
15376	My classes all seem fine.	noemotion	blog
15377	Except math.	noemotion	blog
15378	Ah, well.	noemotion	blog
15379	It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.	noemotion	blog
15380	I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.	noemotion	blog
15381	This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.	noemotion	blog
15382	This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.	noemotion	blog
15383	Ah, well.	noemotion	blog
15384	It's nothing a strong woman such as myself cannot handle with a little bit of DragonForce and mental pep talks.	noemotion	blog
15385	I have looked forward to this year even before last year ended.	noemotion	blog
15386	This is the year when I get to test myself: my mind, my body, and myself.	noemotion	blog
15387	This is my first year where I am truly Nyssa Jane Towsley.	noemotion	blog
15388	I need to just.	noemotion	blog
15389	Paul.	noemotion	blog
15390	Blar.	noemotion	blog
15391	Or a new pair of jeans.	noemotion	blog
15392	Or two meals in Europe.	noemotion	blog
15393	I haven't.	noemotion	blog
15394	I dont' know where that is yet.	noemotion	blog
15395	I'm going to finish my book before I go to bed.	noemotion	blog
15396	I spose I'm off for now.	noemotion	blog
15397	wherever.	noemotion	blog
15398	I see it everyday on the news.	noemotion	blog
15399	rebuilt.	noemotion	blog
15400	saved.	noemotion	blog
15401	wrote.	noemotion	blog
15402	I could live in a suburban house environment with a family, a few cars, a boat, and a dog in the back yard.	noemotion	blog
15403	Should I travel to faroff places that have interested me? England, France, Norway, Sweden, Lebanon, Israel, the Vatican.	noemotion	blog
15404	Does an afterlife really exist.	noemotion	blog
15405	That's one hour a week.	noemotion	blog
15406	can you buy it.	noemotion	blog
15407	can it be sold.	noemotion	blog
15408	can you get there and back on a half tank of gas.	noemotion	blog
15409	I think you can.	noemotion	blog
15410	Theoretically.	noemotion	blog
15411	is there anything that Einstein did that I couldn't do.	noemotion	blog
15412	Simply because that is not where I have been directing my energy to.	noemotion	blog
15413	however most people don't exert the mental energy required to expand your train of thought.	noemotion	blog
15414	They look at things only on the surface and read into nothing.	noemotion	blog
15415	Whatever thought can be imagined - someone has taken that to the extreme.	noemotion	blog
15416	the combination of all people balanced into one.	noemotion	blog
15417	Balanced.	noemotion	blog
15418	This phenomenon can best be seen and proved with steroid users.	noemotion	blog
15419	I almost bought this cool shiney glass tumbler up thingy.	noemotion	blog
15420	Ok, the alignment was out on her BMW when she bought it and it wiped out the tires.	noemotion	blog
15421	I tend to think not.	noemotion	blog
15422	She said that a mechanic told her that the frame was bent.	noemotion	blog
15423	I got her less than $500.00 back.	noemotion	blog
15424	I made lunch for a luncheon at work yesterday.	noemotion	blog
15425	They went back for more.	noemotion	blog
15426	Ok, I've said enough.	noemotion	blog
15427	I need to figure what I'm going to throw out so I can move that desk from the middle of the dining room to one of the 2 rooms upstairs I occupy.	noemotion	blog
15428	So, what can we do.	noemotion	blog
15429	We can become conscious of what is going on inside us.	noemotion	blog
15430	He coined it giraffe language because the giraffe has the largest heart of all the mammals.	noemotion	blog
15431	For more information on Nonviolent Communication click here.	noemotion	blog
15432	Highlights:.	noemotion	blog
15433	Dec 20 till 30th.	noemotion	blog
15434	I.	noemotion	blog
15435	I haven't been quite in my head, Dad woke me up early because he brought breakfast home, and then I went back to bed.	noemotion	blog
15436	I didn't go with my parents to Grandma's.	noemotion	blog
15437	neh.	noemotion	blog
15438	But oh well.	noemotion	blog
15439	Yep and thats basically it.	noemotion	blog
15440	neh.	noemotion	blog
15441	Cassy said she'll be back Sunday night.	noemotion	blog
15442	Yep.	noemotion	blog
15443	AGAIN.	noemotion	blog
15444	Though I was allowed to stay up until 1 AM last night.	noemotion	blog
15445	But heh, thats basically it.	noemotion	blog
15446	This is my update for today and I am off.	noemotion	blog
15447	It's the veils.	noemotion	blog
15448	Listen.	noemotion	blog
15449	Let's clarify.	noemotion	blog
15450	Taleban style if you will.	noemotion	blog
15451	Hijab in Islam actually means modesty or privacy.	noemotion	blog
15452	The khimar is the actual headscarf.	noemotion	blog
15453	Not the ban on hijabs.	noemotion	blog
15454	But if the UK Muslims are listening to Mr. Livingstone, he's on to something.	noemotion	blog
15455	So the voluntary and involuntary.	noemotion	blog
15456	Turkey has a similar issue.	noemotion	blog
15457	The hijab is accepted and tolerated, as are the nikab wearers which is an extremely small percentage of Muslim women.	noemotion	blog
15458	This door has to swing both ways.	noemotion	blog
15459	We all need to take the veils off.	noemotion	blog
15460	and look at each other eye to eye.	noemotion	blog
15461	our individual pages are under the members section.	noemotion	blog
15462	Take care of each other.	noemotion	blog
15463	Brandon's dad, Michael, is improving.	noemotion	blog
15464	Hey, how has everyone been lately.	noemotion	blog
15465	It's been a while.	noemotion	blog
15466	and there has been so much going on.	noemotion	blog
15467	and it's been just a big jumble of AWOIWEJFPWKSFWEIONMQMEM.	noemotion	blog
15468	Especially people.	noemotion	blog
15469	Anyway, this past week has been one of the busiest ones yet for me, and maybe for you too.	noemotion	blog
15470	Sometimes, all we need is that little encouragement or motivation to get us going again.	noemotion	blog
15471	Okay that's about it for now.	noemotion	blog
15472	I asked the sub if he did not mind my taking over, and of course he complied.	noemotion	blog
15473	So the bell rang, the sub introduced himself and I took over.	noemotion	blog
15474	I allowed them 10-15 minutes to finish up the work from yesterday before we began a new piece of literature.	noemotion	blog
15475	After they turned that in, I introduced Poor Richard's Almanac, which we read as a class.	noemotion	blog
15476	That was a segway into today's story.	noemotion	blog
15477	Today we read, The Talk by Gary Soto.	noemotion	blog
15478	I gave a brief background on the author and the story before we began.	noemotion	blog
15479	At the end of the story, I had them do the same thing they did with my paragraph to determine the mood.	noemotion	blog
15480	After a discussion, I asked them to take out a piece of paper.	noemotion	blog
15481	I'm the libero tracker.	noemotion	blog
15482	x.x I need to invest in a pair of blades.	noemotion	blog
15483	o___x.	noemotion	blog
15484	Stephenie Meyer.	noemotion	blog
15485	What can I say.	noemotion	blog
15486	Meyer, JK Rowling, and Meg Cabot.	noemotion	blog
15487	And yes, I read hundreds, thousands of books from other people.	noemotion	blog
15488	But these female writes.	noemotion	blog
15489	I'm a writer.	noemotion	blog
15490	I know that.	noemotion	blog
15491	I'm enough of a grown-up to say it.	noemotion	blog
15492	how they can take over her outlines.	noemotion	blog
15493	And Stephenie says that we should know our characters.	noemotion	blog
15494	I can tell.	noemotion	blog
15495	hm.	noemotion	blog
15496	You know you're from Massachusetts when.	noemotion	blog
15497	When ordering a tonic, you mean a Coke.	noemotion	blog
15498	not quinine water.	noemotion	blog
15499	You know what they sell at a packie.	noemotion	blog
15500	You can actually find your way around Boston.	noemotion	blog
15501	You know at least one guy named Sean, Pat, Whitey, Red, Bud or Seamus.	noemotion	blog
15502	You have gone to at least one party at UMass.	noemotion	blog
15503	You think Doug Flutie is the greatest athlete ever.	noemotion	blog
15504	You remember exactly where you were when the ball rolled through Buckner's legs.	noemotion	blog
15505	You know how to make a frappe.	noemotion	blog
15506	You never go to Cape Cod, you go down the Cape.	noemotion	blog
15507	You're aware that there is a town, somewhere in Massachusetts, named Brimfield where they have the biggest outdoor antique market in the world.	noemotion	blog
15508	You keep an ice scraper and can of de-icer on the floor of your car.	noemotion	blog
15509	There are moments in our lives when we find ourselves at a crossroad.	noemotion	blog
15510	The choices we make in these moments can define the rest of our days.	noemotion	blog
15511	But once in a while, people push on.	noemotion	blog
15512	And it's only when you're tested that you discover who you can be.	noemotion	blog
15513	I have no details.	noemotion	blog
15514	No dates.	noemotion	blog
15515	No times.	noemotion	blog
15516	No nothing.	noemotion	blog
15517	Hey guys.	noemotion	blog
15518	#NAME?	noemotion	blog
15519	If you don't know what to get me for christmas, get me some socks.	noemotion	blog
15520	~Apple ipod socks.	noemotion	blog
15521	As for my diet.	noemotion	blog
15522	again.	noemotion	blog
15523	something, it seems, i am getting more and more used to.	noemotion	blog
15524	well, maybe i do.	noemotion	blog
15525	i find myself again, stuck in a place where i have to rediscover myself all over again.	noemotion	blog
15526	maybe i do.	noemotion	blog
15527	though i think i have.	noemotion	blog
15528	so stay tuned.	noemotion	blog
15529	perhaps too much so for 5:15 on a saturday afternoon, but hey, what can you do.	noemotion	blog
15530	don't get another one for 25 more years.	noemotion	blog
15531	i must go now.	noemotion	blog
15532	Well, I seem to have done that.	noemotion	blog
15533	I mean.	noemotion	blog
15534	I look around me and you know what I see.	noemotion	blog
15535	Some people say, Katrina, do this, others say, Katrina, do that.	noemotion	blog
15536	What do I say.	noemotion	blog
15537	I DON'T KNOW.	noemotion	blog
15538	I'll post back when I get it.	noemotion	blog
15539	He's sleeping now but everytime I lay down and think I will get atleast a couple hours of sleep hes right back up.	noemotion	blog
15540	He sleeps most of the day and then never sleeps at night.	noemotion	blog
15541	thats what you get for rubbing it in my face that your 21 and im not.	noemotion	blog
15542	Maybe it is, I dunno.	noemotion	blog
15543	All I know is that I have no time to do anything anymore.	noemotion	blog
15544	At least the price of gas is going down, $1.99 per gallon across the street now.	noemotion	blog
15545	We need a new pic.	noemotion	blog
15546	Oh well, at least we can make it work without lots of time.	noemotion	blog
15547	It's kinda far from where I am, but it is worth it.	noemotion	blog
15548	I'll write more later.	noemotion	blog
15549	Wouldn't that be a gig!.	noemotion	blog
15550	In the mean time I am going after every venue available.	noemotion	blog
15551	I'm at Penn State for the weekend.	noemotion	blog
15552	Tonight is the Michigan vs. PSU game.	noemotion	blog
15553	Maybe I'll put on some MAC.	noemotion	blog
15554	I'm reading this back to myself and I'm totally yawning.	noemotion	blog
15555	Let's face it.	noemotion	blog
15556	I don't drink anymore.	noemotion	blog
15557	And this hair.	noemotion	blog
15558	Lex Squared told me that she could do something with my hair.	noemotion	blog
15559	I'm staying with Kristen Ward.	noemotion	blog
15560	Hi.	noemotion	blog
15561	So I toned down the performance and slept until right now.	noemotion	blog
15562	I'm a maneater.	noemotion	blog
15563	Oh and Ps..	noemotion	blog
15564	Totally mine.	noemotion	blog
15565	The other week I was at Roxy with Robbie and company and the crack house came up.	noemotion	blog
15566	How much you give me for this Bacon.	noemotion	blog
15567	nevermind, I've got an Arabic test I could be studying for.	noemotion	blog
15568	Anybody remember any good crackhouse stories they heard.	noemotion	blog
15569	ones worth retelling.	noemotion	blog
15570	At least I haven't bought any in about four days.	noemotion	blog
15571	Oh well, I will find space or have Tim build me some shelves.	noemotion	blog
15572	HE KNEW EVERYTHING THERE WAS TO KNOW ABOUT PACKING, he said.	noemotion	blog
15573	Well, needless to say his packing job was far below any I have seen so far.	noemotion	blog
15574	Man. I just can't seem to keep out of trouble.	noemotion	blog
15575	I even sold a few things on Ebay.	noemotion	blog
15576	Will have to work on that enterprise.	noemotion	blog
15577	Tim and I have been fishing and camping.	noemotion	blog
15578	There always seems to be much to do around here and we don't seem to get much done.	noemotion	blog
15579	Or at least I don't.	noemotion	blog
15580	Well, must go put dinner in the oven.	noemotion	blog
15581	Homemade macaroni and cheese.	noemotion	blog
15582	Ya all have a good night.	noemotion	blog
15583	Mmk.	noemotion	blog
15584	Thursday:.	noemotion	blog
15585	Friday:.	noemotion	blog
15586	Chels and I cleaned my room, which was much needed.	noemotion	blog
15587	I came home and got my stuff together to go up to the kid's camp.	noemotion	blog
15588	Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting.	noemotion	blog
15589	Well, you know what.	noemotion	blog
15590	In the last fifteen years,.	noemotion	blog
15591	my life has been somewhat conventional:.	noemotion	blog
15592	job, wife, two kids, house, car.	noemotion	blog
15593	have been when we have turned the script upside-down;.	noemotion	blog
15594	This is me, my self-fashioned self.	noemotion	blog
15595	eh.	noemotion	blog
15596	But I'm free til' Aug. 31st.	noemotion	blog
15597	I dunno, press the button and find out.	noemotion	blog
15598	second.	noemotion	blog
15599	no, of course not.	noemotion	blog
15600	never.	noemotion	blog
15601	we do it much better anyway.	noemotion	blog
15602	that's all that matters isn't it.	noemotion	blog
15603	the state of our souls.	noemotion	blog
15604	the quota might drop to 45 or something.	noemotion	blog
15605	maybe i should draw a cartoon.	noemotion	blog
15606	oh right, i forgot, that's a no go area either.	noemotion	blog
15607	you know why.	noemotion	blog
15608	now.	noemotion	blog
15609	because, i know.	noemotion	blog
15610	not so much.	noemotion	blog
15611	but basically my mind will stray to one mantra.	noemotion	blog
15612	Well, actually, I have to be, BUT.	noemotion	blog
15613	'I'm not recieving the paper.	noemotion	blog
15614	but I sent in a check 3 weeks ago.	noemotion	blog
15615	' OK. so.	noemotion	blog
15616	What am I supposed to say other than 'we did not recieve your ''supposed'' recent payment.'.	noemotion	blog
15617	So.	noemotion	blog
15618	I ask Robbye, knowledge of all things Ann Arbor News.	noemotion	blog
15619	But really, Ive only had the job a few weeks.	noemotion	blog
15620	So, no cubicle job for life for me.	noemotion	blog
15621	I saw Phil.	noemotion	blog
15622	I went to Sheldon's house.	noemotion	blog
15623	Sheldon, Phil, Daniel, and I.	noemotion	blog
15624	I tried to control myself.	noemotion	blog
15625	His hair, his eyes, his dimples.	noemotion	blog
15626	He has a new eye brow piercing.	noemotion	blog
15627	It suits him.	noemotion	blog
15628	But he did.	noemotion	blog
15629	Because he knew I needed the reaction.	noemotion	blog
15630	And really, he kind of did.	noemotion	blog
15631	And I didn't try to touch him.	noemotion	blog
15632	No.	noemotion	blog
15633	And that it's him now.	noemotion	blog
15634	Are you okay?, He asked.	noemotion	blog
15635	Yeah, I'm going to go home.	noemotion	blog
15636	No, I'm going to go.	noemotion	blog
15637	Why.	noemotion	blog
15638	Is it really that hard to tell.	noemotion	blog
15639	i had a lot of time to myself in the car which i used.	noemotion	blog
15640	I went to her house a couple days ago and kind of figured we'd easily be back together, but there seem to be a number of things in the way.	noemotion	blog
15641	It'll turn out one way or another.	noemotion	blog
15642	Bah.	noemotion	blog
15643	As always.	noemotion	blog
15644	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
15645	Oh well.	noemotion	blog
15646	Later.	noemotion	blog
15647	And I did it in about 10 minutes.	noemotion	blog
15648	So it's Friday night and here I am in front of the computer screen.	noemotion	blog
15649	Then, my parents came home and I deicided I'd make donoughts.	noemotion	blog
15650	Do your job and do it well- and it will speak volumes for you.	noemotion	blog
15651	You are working for America's #1 Best place to work.	noemotion	blog
15652	I'm focused.	noemotion	blog
15653	yeah- I'm not going anywhere.	noemotion	blog
15654	Think I'll stay at AFLAC.	noemotion	blog
15655	I could be Paul Amos Jr's secretary- if I work hard enough.	noemotion	blog
15656	The sole stipulation: Do your time first.	noemotion	blog
15657	Just move somewhere else.	noemotion	blog
15658	Speaking of the famous Amos' - not the cookie people, ; - the AFLAC founders- I passed Dan Amos in the hallway yesterday.	noemotion	blog
15659	She told me 4 times yesterday.	noemotion	blog
15660	Yeah- I really would.	noemotion	blog
15661	I have the world in the palm of my hands.	noemotion	blog
15662	The corporate world at least.	noemotion	blog
15663	I don't know what to do.	noemotion	blog
15664	It's not over.	noemotion	blog
15665	Apparently, it was not Wayne alone who was misled.	noemotion	blog
15666	The rest of the troop that he was sent with thought they were only going for 12 months.	noemotion	blog
15667	Now, they don't know yet when that will be, but I don't care.	noemotion	blog
15668	It has been 4 days since her milk dropped and they are supposed to have the pups after 5.	noemotion	blog
15669	We'll see.	noemotion	blog
15670	Keep in mind that we had only just moved in together at that time and he didn't know much about whelping pups.	noemotion	blog
15671	Not kidding.	noemotion	blog
15672	He the Brady Bunch.	noemotion	blog
15673	If I went and got in the car right now.	noemotion	blog
15674	and chase me out.	noemotion	blog
15675	Talk to you later.	noemotion	blog
15676	At the beginning of August there were 10 of us.	noemotion	blog
15677	Now the agency is down to 3.	noemotion	blog
15678	No one updates anymore.	noemotion	blog
15679	And barely anyone's online.	noemotion	blog
15680	is this becuase its summer.	noemotion	blog
15681	WELLLLL.	noemotion	blog
15682	And I'm basically packed becuase I never unpacked anything except clothes really.	noemotion	blog
15683	thats a lot.	noemotion	blog
15684	and a guitar.	noemotion	blog
15685	i know.	noemotion	blog
15686	soon.	noemotion	blog
15687	And thats all, ciao for now.	noemotion	blog
15688	Jason, Josh, Allan T. sometimes Jacob.	noemotion	blog
15689	well for many reason that i`d rather not name online.	noemotion	blog
15690	Mmk on to the next subject, Thursday Friday.	noemotion	blog
15691	Janel, Madilyn, Desireesp Jasmine [note:they're all seventh graders] first at Janel's house.	noemotion	blog
15692	We met up with litte Danielle too : Lolitas; Starbucks as always.	noemotion	blog
15693	just kidding.	noemotion	blog
15694	We rolled skateboarded down the grass hill thing.	noemotion	blog
15695	That was my week.	noemotion	blog
15696	Posted 8/11/2006 at 8:53 PM - email it.	noemotion	blog
15697	not that I had 4 months off in the end.	noemotion	blog
15698	I have been so focused on this course and going to work with my dad, that I really don't know what to think anymore.	noemotion	blog
15699	I am curious as to see where this all goes with my dad, and who knows I may just take over his book of business and all that.	noemotion	blog
15700	one day, one week at a time.	noemotion	blog
15701	maybe more so.	noemotion	blog
15702	They are better off where they are now.	noemotion	blog
15703	we are all moving forward on our own path.	noemotion	blog
15704	it says a lot, even if it was written by a comedian.	noemotion	blog
15705	If I didn't have the desire to be better than what I currently am, would I have impetus to keep living at all.	noemotion	blog
15706	Now which one are you most of the time.	noemotion	blog
15707	So what does this mean to me then.	noemotion	blog
15708	I said.	noemotion	blog
15709	I tried to bike away- what was she gonna do.	noemotion	blog
15710	Write down my licensce plate.	noemotion	blog
15711	But then one of my housemates, who was already up, informed me that no, it was that the electricity wasn't working anywhere in the house.	noemotion	blog
15712	We tried everything to make sure it wasn't the plug/circuit itself.	noemotion	blog
15713	But no, it was the fridge.	noemotion	blog
15714	Well, maybe.	noemotion	blog
15715	and im sure he's been doing the same.	noemotion	blog
15716	ALL these things, im more aware of the relationship and it status and im not ,.	noemotion	blog
15717	i better not, considering the circumstances.	noemotion	blog
15718	somehow.	noemotion	blog
15719	Let's try and finish Sunday now for the third time, before it is Sunday again.	noemotion	blog
15720	Goes figure he'd be there.	noemotion	blog
15721	Oh yes we were talking about Land Rovers.	noemotion	blog
15722	W0rd.	noemotion	blog
15723	Gonna push through with this.	noemotion	blog
15724	Her niece and Lizelle came along.	noemotion	blog
15725	:P I drive well now though, yep I do.	noemotion	blog
15726	but don't think they would let you do that.	noemotion	blog
15727	NooooOOoo.	noemotion	blog
15728	I took lots of photo's.	noemotion	blog
15729	Will try and upload them somewhere or do something or I will see.	noemotion	blog
15730	Okies.	noemotion	blog
15731	You know that Baywatch running style from that tv program.	noemotion	blog
15732	o.O Took a photo of him, he was a bit far though.	noemotion	blog
15733	I totally zone out.	noemotion	blog
15734	We went to Anri's house for cake and coffee.	noemotion	blog
15735	Hmmm.	noemotion	blog
15736	We sat there 'trying to decide' what we are going to do.	noemotion	blog
15737	We almost sat there for an hour.	noemotion	blog
15738	That was as clear as daylight.	noemotion	blog
15739	Hm.	noemotion	blog
15740	what do you pick.	noemotion	blog
15741	:p.	noemotion	blog
15742	They went to the movies afterwards.	noemotion	blog
15743	Ye.	noemotion	blog
15744	I am too tired now.	noemotion	blog
15745	will finish later.	noemotion	blog
15746	Would you be careful and try to preserve every moment you have left.	noemotion	blog
15747	So I tried to step out of myself for a minute and look at things the way he may have been viewing them.	noemotion	blog
15748	An athelete.	noemotion	blog
15749	You are virtually unstoppable.	noemotion	blog
15750	So what do you do.	noemotion	blog
15751	First, because I could already piece together the backdrop of the story.	noemotion	blog
15752	So what would you do.	noemotion	blog
15753	and everyone thats home is so wrapped up with their own stuff ///dudes//women.	noemotion	blog
15754	alfkjaslkjfasjflka;sjdf;asjfals;fjlakjsf.	noemotion	blog
15755	im done talking about it.	noemotion	blog
15756	for many reasons.	noemotion	blog
15757	nothing hereee.	noemotion	blog
15758	myrtle/3.	noemotion	blog
15759	but nobody else is for moving out as much as i am.	noemotion	blog
15760	all my substitute information is in.	noemotion	blog
15761	if i can get a job at taylors.	noemotion	blog
15762	and i can get a new car.	noemotion	blog
15763	fags.	noemotion	blog
15764	the way you look at me.	noemotion	blog
15765	gnite darlins.	noemotion	blog
15766	i have work in the am.	noemotion	blog
15767	Well, well, well.	noemotion	blog
15768	So, drop by and tell me what all of you are up to.	noemotion	blog
15769	Granted, not the global, world-issues Big Picture, just MY Big Picture.	noemotion	blog
15770	it was not self-determined.	noemotion	blog
15771	How do I do that.	noemotion	blog
15772	So anyway.	noemotion	blog
15773	Ritual.	noemotion	blog
15774	Rut.	noemotion	blog
15775	* Every other Saturday, Catharine and I get manicures and pedicures.	noemotion	blog
15776	I've just realized in trying to make a list of my rituals, that I really don't have many.	noemotion	blog
15777	How very telling.	noemotion	blog
15778	Always.	noemotion	blog
15779	and.	noemotion	blog
15780	Is that a rut.	noemotion	blog
15781	or just something totally mental that I do.	noemotion	blog
15782	How do you think we can instill more meaningful rituals into our lives.	noemotion	blog
15783	From talking with cartoonists, I get the sense that most of them find it debilitating, too.	noemotion	blog
15784	There were no signs to direct you to the panels or whatnot, though it wasn't hard to find someone to ask direction of.	noemotion	blog
15785	It was a hotel, on a road.	noemotion	blog
15786	I went to two panels, Scott McCloud's and Brian Chippendale's.	noemotion	blog
15787	BOOKS I GOT:.	noemotion	blog
15788	House of Twelve, at the movies Vol.	noemotion	blog
15789	R.	noemotion	blog
15790	Do you know some tiger sharks sleep.	noemotion	blog
15791	I think it's in the Gulf of Mexico or the Gulf of California, I can't remember which, but there's so much oxygen in the water they actually sleep.	noemotion	blog
15792	I don't sleep.	noemotion	blog
15793	I just lay in the bed next to them while they snore, or they breathe softly, or they dream, or they do whatever it is sleeping people do.	noemotion	blog
15794	Most of the time, I sit in a chair.	noemotion	blog
15795	Sometimes, I can't reading about this condition, though.	noemotion	blog
15796	When I was a kid I slept.	noemotion	blog
15797	I think.	noemotion	blog
15798	They really do when there's no end.	noemotion	blog
15799	I think I do.	noemotion	blog
15800	It is, isn't it.	noemotion	blog
15801	I actually keep one everywhere, one in my car, one in each room of my apartment, one in my cubicle.	noemotion	blog
15802	How else would I keep all these days straight.	noemotion	blog
15803	I can't always read about this condition, or whatever it may be.	noemotion	blog
15804	I'm beginning to think there may be nothing to it.	noemotion	blog
15805	Otherwise, I'm a totally healthy male of my species.	noemotion	blog
15806	Something from when I was a kid.	noemotion	blog
15807	I don't know where that came from.	noemotion	blog
15808	I can drink and drink.	noemotion	blog
15809	Most times, I can't even remember what I did five seconds ago.	noemotion	blog
15810	Doesn't require much of a brain to do it.	noemotion	blog
15811	Have you ever read it.	noemotion	blog
15812	I kept having to reread passages until I figured out that it's not chronological.	noemotion	blog
15813	I think he had a point.	noemotion	blog
15814	But I can't remember it right now.	noemotion	blog
15815	I'm at work, and I left the book at home.	noemotion	blog
15816	I'll have to look when I get home.	noemotion	blog
15817	Unless I returned it to the library.	noemotion	blog
15818	I walk to work.	noemotion	blog
15819	When it's nice.	noemotion	blog
15820	It's a couple miles, but I don't have a lot of people that I have to rush home to see.	noemotion	blog
15821	Just my books these days.	noemotion	blog
15822	My walk takes me by Lake Calhoun.	noemotion	blog
15823	Most days I look at it as I pass by the fishers, the runners, the dog walkers.	noemotion	blog
15824	Every so often, I walk around it.	noemotion	blog
15825	I don't know what it is about the lake.	noemotion	blog
15826	I itch my neck for some reason it itches.	noemotion	blog
15827	I don't get it.	noemotion	blog
15828	I amble around the lake, and the people are slowly thinning out.	noemotion	blog
15829	I should have brought a book with me. Then I could read at the lake.	noemotion	blog
15830	People tell me that the water in the lakes around here isn't that good.	noemotion	blog
15831	And there are plenty of fish.	noemotion	blog
15832	I control it at first.	noemotion	blog
15833	I think.	noemotion	blog
15834	But where else would I know it from.	noemotion	blog
15835	Vardaman is right.	noemotion	blog
15836	I can see people running at me as I dive into Calhoun.	noemotion	blog
15837	I read somewhere that fish don't sleep.	noemotion	blog
15838	Except for some tiger sharks.	noemotion	blog
15839	can I borrow.	noemotion	blog
15840	December 1st.	noemotion	blog
15841	Must.keep.eyes.on.prize.	noemotion	blog
15842	So.	noemotion	blog
15843	It's nice kind of being able to put everything together in my head.	noemotion	blog
15844	Anyways, I'm not sure there's anything else I can add that hasn't been said over and over.	noemotion	blog
15845	Now I'm just trying to take everything one day at a time.	noemotion	blog
15846	Okay, off to clean this room.	noemotion	blog
15847	i took Shelby again.	noemotion	blog
15848	she was raring to go.	noemotion	blog
15849	back at the car, T had Shelby all wrapped up in a towel to warm her.	noemotion	blog
15850	i ran with Smiley this past Wednesday; he was just released no one came to claim him and allowed to go for a run.	noemotion	blog
15851	This was the cake.	noemotion	blog
15852	He turned 4.	noemotion	blog
15853	Just as he was about to blow out his cake.	noemotion	blog
15854	and I tore up the cake.	noemotion	blog
15855	At Work:.	noemotion	blog
15856	This is one of my co-workers grandson.	noemotion	blog
15857	On the way home, I picked up my niece, Jenny.	noemotion	blog
15858	3	noemotion	blog
15859	Interact Club - A Day In The Park:.	noemotion	blog
15860	Christina's shoe.	noemotion	blog
15861	This is Phi.	noemotion	blog
15862	He looked tired~.	noemotion	blog
15863	Meet Mango.	noemotion	blog
15864	HAR HAR.	noemotion	blog
15865	We saw this kid when we were just chillaxing.	noemotion	blog
15866	Oh yeah!~ Our shadows.	noemotion	blog
15867	We need new ideas.	noemotion	blog
15868	Interact Club - AIDS Walk:.	noemotion	blog
15869	and so we try to warm up.	noemotion	blog
15870	I don't know.	noemotion	blog
15871	I didn't get anything though.	noemotion	blog
15872	Yes, there were a lot of heads.	noemotion	blog
15873	Here we go~.	noemotion	blog
15874	As we walked.	noemotion	blog
15875	and walked some more.	noemotion	blog
15876	and even more.	noemotion	blog
15877	Then we met him.	noemotion	blog
15878	because they have a snazzy sign.	noemotion	blog
15879	This was after we finished a 6 mile walk.	noemotion	blog
15880	Check out the look on Christina's face.	noemotion	blog
15881	I saw Kathy Vu during the walk.	noemotion	blog
15882	Afterwards, we went out to eat with other peoples at Pizza My Heart.	noemotion	blog
15883	Check out little dao's face.	noemotion	blog
15884	and then meet the nox.	noemotion	blog
15885	I stand barefoot by the ocean's edge, my feet sinking slowly, being sucked beneath the surface of the cool, wet sand.	noemotion	blog
15886	I am planted there.	noemotion	blog
15887	Head tilted back.	noemotion	blog
15888	Well here we are again at the conclusion of another all too fleeting weekend.	noemotion	blog
15889	I used to have it all done by Halloween so maybe I'll return to that tradition.	noemotion	blog
15890	Right now we're on a train traveling from Rome to Florence.	noemotion	blog
15891	We'll sightsee there and then take another train to Venice in the evening.	noemotion	blog
15892	From there it's on to Switzerland and then France.	noemotion	blog
15893	On Friday we saw the Coliseum, the Pantheon, Trevi Fountain, the Spanish Steps, Palatine Hill, Villa Medici, Trinita dei Monti, Piazza del Popolo and much more.	noemotion	blog
15894	Yesterday Saturday was spent at Vatican City.	noemotion	blog
15895	Ah well.	noemotion	blog
15896	There was so much to look at, I just couldn't take it all in.	noemotion	blog
15897	At all.	noemotion	blog
15898	Ah well.	noemotion	blog
15899	You meet a lot of neat people at hostels.	noemotion	blog
15900	There is a pizzeria and gelateria on every corner.	noemotion	blog
15901	keep in mind my bed is lofted about 4.5 ft. high and i was hungover after having slept 4 hours.	noemotion	blog
15902	i'm too lazy to pick it up.	noemotion	blog
15903	are you okay.	noemotion	blog
15904	yeah.	noemotion	blog
15905	so i made a martini.	noemotion	blog
15906	hum.	noemotion	blog
15907	then it would relax again.	noemotion	blog
15908	but yeah.	noemotion	blog
15909	say.	noemotion	blog
15910	it hummed.	noemotion	blog
15911	Sunday afternoon, Erica, Diana, and I are going to the Spy Museum.	noemotion	blog
15912	On the first floor, they have a crawlspace you can go through.	noemotion	blog
15913	It's carpeted, so not too hard on the knees, and I see that someone left behind their brochure.	noemotion	blog
15914	Diana finds a book, and Erica picks up some souvenirs for her family.	noemotion	blog
15915	So, we finished the group work and I decided just to head home.	noemotion	blog
15916	Plus.	noemotion	blog
15917	well as normal as it can be.	noemotion	blog
15918	*whispers* especially if I factor Matt into the mix.	noemotion	blog
15919	I decided to get my annual supply of contacts with the knowledge if I did I could get a free webcam and a $30 rebate.	noemotion	blog
15920	The total came to $218.92, but it's worth it.	noemotion	blog
15921	So, I stayed at the YMCA for about 2 hours and went home to my little bird.	noemotion	blog
15922	I took out the webcam from Shopko and entered the program into my computer.	noemotion	blog
15923	It's actually something I thought about alot and I did stay dressed up for it.	noemotion	blog
15924	I mean.	noemotion	blog
15925	I've always been able to see him if I asked, so now he has the option now as well.	noemotion	blog
15926	So, I dedicate this song to you.	noemotion	blog
15927	Artist: Crossfade.	noemotion	blog
15928	Looking back at me I see.	noemotion	blog
15929	I'm always wrapped up in.	noemotion	blog
15930	Something strong.	noemotion	blog
15931	What I really meant to say.	noemotion	blog
15932	You could see me stand on my own again.	noemotion	blog
15933	Cause now i can see.	noemotion	blog
15934	Locked inside of me so deep.	noemotion	blog
15935	It always seems to get to me.	noemotion	blog
15936	So many things you should have known.	noemotion	blog
15937	Claudio Montiverdi was one of the most prominent composers of this era.	noemotion	blog
15938	That was painless, wasn't it.	noemotion	blog
15939	and im bound to it.	noemotion	blog
15940	no, she's fine.	noemotion	blog
15941	yeah, he's basically dating three girls in his sophomore class, woo~ go jg.	noemotion	blog
15942	college.	noemotion	blog
15943	my ren.	noemotion	blog
15944	and i have my costume but it's a secret ;D.	noemotion	blog
15945	well, mostly two and 1/2 people know.	noemotion	blog
15946	ie.	noemotion	blog
15947	the vomiting pumpkin.	noemotion	blog
15948	so easy and cool~ish looking.	noemotion	blog
15949	one last note.	noemotion	blog
15950	take care guys.	noemotion	blog
15951	til nxt rambling,.	noemotion	blog
15952	so i had this dream.	noemotion	blog
15953	really.	noemotion	blog
15954	i'm not going to tell you.	noemotion	blog
15955	but its NOT ben.	noemotion	blog
15956	i think i'm finaly over ben.	noemotion	blog
15957	any ways so about my dream.	noemotion	blog
15958	so i was walking next to him and we were looking at one another.	noemotion	blog
15959	and i held my head there for a while.	noemotion	blog
15960	far from.	noemotion	blog
15961	infact i'm done.	noemotion	blog
15962	but i was thinking about it alot today.	noemotion	blog
15963	A few seconds later he turned to me and asked, Are you going to be here a while.	noemotion	blog
15964	i got my violin on tuesday.	noemotion	blog
15965	its a very expensive german hofner model, brand new.	noemotion	blog
15966	that and le cygne, which is also very easy but just as sophisticated as anything else.	noemotion	blog
15967	i wrote a little bit of my book, but not much.	noemotion	blog
15968	of course 2 pages is better than the zero i've been keeping up almost all month.	noemotion	blog
15969	thats all i'm going to mention right now.	noemotion	blog
15970	Dear Marketplace:.	noemotion	blog
15971	I'm an avid listener of the programme.	noemotion	blog
15972	Today, though, I heard the commentary of Susan Lee.	noemotion	blog
15973	*The ones in control of it*.	noemotion	blog
15974	Look into it.	noemotion	blog
15975	There's no reason to encourage them ok, us.	noemotion	blog
15976	Maybe it's time to add one more weapon to the arsenal.	noemotion	blog
15977	Maybe it isn't.	noemotion	blog
15978	This is how the redcoats see the world.	noemotion	blog
15979	Then Holy Joe ripped this one out:.	noemotion	blog
15980	Joe, you're scraping.	noemotion	blog
15981	You're turning redcoat.	noemotion	blog
15982	Then I wake up.	noemotion	blog
15983	and Rembrants.	noemotion	blog
15984	and Monets.	noemotion	blog
15985	and Reniors.	noemotion	blog
15986	and Titians.	noemotion	blog
15987	and Van Goghs.	noemotion	blog
15988	Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting.	noemotion	blog
15989	Well, I'm getting to that.	noemotion	blog
15990	Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting.	noemotion	blog
15991	Another femur.	noemotion	blog
15992	A femoralacetabular joint.	noemotion	blog
15993	Due to increased demand for bodies, China has stepped into the body buisness.	noemotion	blog
15994	Just thought I'd let you know.	noemotion	blog
15995	:p.	noemotion	blog
15996	no, we're not considering Johnny as a name!.'.	noemotion	blog
15997	Alright, we're about to eat dinner, so until next time.	noemotion	blog
15998	It hasn't been very eventful in any way.	noemotion	blog
15999	Besides Hitler.	noemotion	blog
16000	or George Bush.	noemotion	blog
16001	That's what I think.	noemotion	blog
16002	i dont even know.	noemotion	blog
16003	anyways.	noemotion	blog
16004	i'm out.	noemotion	blog
16005	Later.	noemotion	blog
16006	Hey.	noemotion	blog
16007	I was studying 4 my CT3.	noemotion	blog
16008	Anyway, a few weeks ago, I visited a chinese tea house and ate mooncakes and proper tea and tea eggs.	noemotion	blog
16009	I had rockwall enrichment yesterday.	noemotion	blog
16010	Well I'll try to write more often.	noemotion	blog
16011	I'm being trained by this woman, her name is Judy.	noemotion	blog
16012	at the end of today my drawer was exact again.	noemotion	blog
16013	Buh byeee.	noemotion	blog
16014	It's why I try to hone my body as I do my mind.	noemotion	blog
16015	Life keeps moving.	noemotion	blog
16016	All told about a dozen guys, and I was the only one who actually washed his hands.	noemotion	blog
16017	Some were in the middle of eating, others were holding girl's hands or their children.	noemotion	blog
16018	I didn't see much of Michael, he had to work during the day, then Holly and I skipped out to see a movie and left him with the kids.	noemotion	blog
16019	The theater itself hasn't been updated since approximately ET was first released.	noemotion	blog
16020	How did it get there.	noemotion	blog
16021	Umm-kay, I can see that.	noemotion	blog
16022	But on each side of this cavern, there are drop-offs of hundreds of feet that had to be traversed by clinging to the ceiling.	noemotion	blog
16023	No floor.	noemotion	blog
16024	Is your first thought well, must find a way across.	noemotion	blog
16025	What about the tiny passages you'd have to squeeze through.	noemotion	blog
16026	What's the point.	noemotion	blog
16027	Fresh water.	noemotion	blog
16028	Safety.	noemotion	blog
16029	So what's the point.	noemotion	blog
16030	Comics and subsequent spin-off media such as movies reflect the point I'm making: the whole shebang has gotten darker, both literally and figuratively.	noemotion	blog
16031	Yea ok, so I don't know what this has to do with the refrain, but it's a catchy tune.	noemotion	blog
16032	Then I head home around lunch time.	noemotion	blog
16033	How can I blog so extensively at work.	noemotion	blog
16034	Sniff.	noemotion	blog
16035	Nick------1---0---1---12--2---2----18.	noemotion	blog
16036	Marco----2---2---1---1---7---0----13.	noemotion	blog
16037	Well, it was an all right game.	noemotion	blog
16038	The inning would just never end.	noemotion	blog
16039	It's not as if Joe has never gotten me before.	noemotion	blog
16040	I remember it as though it were yesterday.	noemotion	blog
16041	June 5th, 2003.	noemotion	blog
16042	I landed by the ball and picked it up with my bare hand.	noemotion	blog
16043	What I did, to see, was check to see what my balance was.	noemotion	blog
16044	It was 62 dollars, that's precisely 56 dollars more than I had.	noemotion	blog
16045	The place looks just as full as it did when he was living here.	noemotion	blog
16046	I also tried to do my timetable, today was the first day I can set the timetable.	noemotion	blog
16047	That way I can go to the Furmeets, Jason also did the same thing, he has Mondays off so he can go to the furmeet.	noemotion	blog
16048	Sam and I are both working for Burgessville Rocks for Whitney.	noemotion	blog
16049	Alphabeta for two years, and now this.	noemotion	blog
16050	Try to tell me that it's not impressive to see on a resume.	noemotion	blog
16051	Which I should print up next week, when I find the time, after I get the info.	noemotion	blog
16052	None of that for the Runa.	noemotion	blog
16053	Here's a list of the things I need to do.	noemotion	blog
16054	I need to do that ASAP.	noemotion	blog
16055	Not to mention the 680.	noemotion	blog
16056	Flamers.	noemotion	blog
16057	Both are people who go on the Boxofficemojo forums.	noemotion	blog
16058	Just as an example, here's something he wrote.	noemotion	blog
16059	just because they can.	noemotion	blog
16060	so im confuzed.	noemotion	blog
16061	or even enough of those.	noemotion	blog
16062	For ages now I've been doing this self defence class and at the beginning of every class we get a stern talking too about not doing any of this stuff at home, and I've just discovered why.	noemotion	blog
16063	So now I have five staples in the back of my head.	noemotion	blog
16064	Click here for full story.	noemotion	blog
16065	Plausibility deniable.	noemotion	blog
16066	This works in their favour.	noemotion	blog
16067	It can also be turned against them.	noemotion	blog
16068	I'm currently at Willprint with Cam-cam and Meggie.	noemotion	blog
16069	im cleaning out my inbox and saved folders and stuff too.	noemotion	blog
16070	so much old stuff.	noemotion	blog
16071	i went delving into my old entries and comments and stuff today.	noemotion	blog
16072	that's one of the last steps.	noemotion	blog
16073	most people say that's the first step, but it totally isn't.	noemotion	blog
16074	i'm so deep.	noemotion	blog
16075	i am back from vacay.	noemotion	blog
16076	Maybe if I just tried hard enough, without anyone putting me down.	noemotion	blog
16077	I could do it.	noemotion	blog
16078	Then, they are gone.	noemotion	blog
16079	You can only savour them for that moment.	noemotion	blog
16080	Back then, everything was simple.	noemotion	blog
16081	Why is life so much more complex now.	noemotion	blog
16082	Where should I go on from here.	noemotion	blog
16083	3rd guy sms-ed me, 3 times in 3 days time.	noemotion	blog
16084	We chatted for a while.	noemotion	blog
16085	He told me about his work and his regime for his upcoming marathon.	noemotion	blog
16086	Fui al dentista, hoy.	noemotion	blog
16087	I got three cavities.	noemotion	blog
16088	THREE.	noemotion	blog
16089	Have to go back I shrug at the thought.	noemotion	blog
16090	Well, ni modo.	noemotion	blog
16091	Have to have healthy teeth.	noemotion	blog
16092	, right.	noemotion	blog
16093	My parents are moving to Mars, Pennsylvania, on Thursday.	noemotion	blog
16094	Mars.	noemotion	blog
16095	I went to a bar last night on my way home and had a drink a sandwich.	noemotion	blog
16096	A guy sat next to me and bumped my leg with his.	noemotion	blog
16097	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
16098	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
16099	He looked high.	noemotion	blog
16100	Attractive and high.	noemotion	blog
16101	I performed the standard get-lost-loser body language.	noemotion	blog
16102	Also, Mormons came to the door last week.	noemotion	blog
16103	They were so earnest.	noemotion	blog
16104	or maybe there has been.	noemotion	blog
16105	There is always so much stuff I have to do each day that before I know it the day is gone.	noemotion	blog
16106	I think so far the city has really opened my mind up to certain things.	noemotion	blog
16107	My Marketing Strategies class always keeps me thinking about it.	noemotion	blog
16108	This weekend I'm going to see Beck.	noemotion	blog
16109	Had loads of tests, including a catheter due to my not being able to urinate.	noemotion	blog
16110	Today was just kind of stressful.	noemotion	blog
16111	Jacked Up.	noemotion	blog
16112	Jacked Up.	noemotion	blog
16113	i just plainly said :.	noemotion	blog
16114	m   y   m  o  n   e   y    m  y   d  e  c  i  s  i  o  n.	noemotion	blog
16115	not on this matter however.	noemotion	blog
16116	i never took it out.	noemotion	blog
16117	so no one can get the card.	noemotion	blog
16118	and therapy!.	noemotion	blog
16119	i dont.	noemotion	blog
16120	which in turn gets a scough and a look, that says maybe you should just go to bed.	noemotion	blog
16121	therapy.	noemotion	blog
16122	lets face it.	noemotion	blog
16123	i'm not going anywhere.	noemotion	blog
16124	Okay ya alls.	noemotion	blog
16125	So I'm sitting here with chapped lips.	noemotion	blog
16126	soo.	noemotion	blog
16127	Annnndddd.	noemotion	blog
16128	And a temp.	noemotion	blog
16129	we've been able to sponge bandwidth off someone, somewhere, for the past few days.	noemotion	blog
16130	go to designhergals.com and tell me if you think i should get some business cards from them.	noemotion	blog
16131	do these people know who i am.	noemotion	blog
16132	no way.	noemotion	blog
16133	Sunday night, the evening he had spoken to Schuldig over the phone, was the one night that Brad had actually slept well.	noemotion	blog
16134	An almost 24 hour day was not Brad's idea of a good time.	noemotion	blog
16135	And then the flight home.	noemotion	blog
16136	Dear Dinah,.	noemotion	blog
16137	This is the last day.	noemotion	blog
16138	I didn't find any, but did find a five-dollar bathing suit.	noemotion	blog
16139	Not fashionable, but it fits/was five dollars.	noemotion	blog
16140	Mez got a waffle-iron.	noemotion	blog
16141	I got 24 shades of 80s-colored eyeshadow.	noemotion	blog
16142	It was very bright.	noemotion	blog
16143	Pacheco asked me to sign his yearbook and he signed mine.	noemotion	blog
16144	The bell for last hour had already rung and we were talking to a bunch of Ryan's popular football-friends.	noemotion	blog
16145	SorryexcusemeI'msorryIjustneed-.	noemotion	blog
16146	Ryan nodded.	noemotion	blog
16147	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
16148	I know.	noemotion	blog
16149	What for.	noemotion	blog
16150	Well, he was in my ICP class, sophomore year.	noemotion	blog
16151	So, we just did that.	noemotion	blog
16152	To him.	noemotion	blog
16153	All we were doing was just kind of.	noemotion	blog
16154	Because all those things about Mink are exactly the reason why I can't, well, can't anything, really.	noemotion	blog
16155	Getting home- back to reality.	noemotion	blog
16156	Now I have to unpack.	noemotion	blog
16157	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16158	You tell me that it's evolution.	noemotion	blog
16159	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16160	Don't you know it's gonna be alright.	noemotion	blog
16161	Alright Alright.	noemotion	blog
16162	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16163	You ask me for a contribution.	noemotion	blog
16164	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16165	We're all doing what we can.	noemotion	blog
16166	Don't you know it's gonna be alright.	noemotion	blog
16167	Alright Alright.	noemotion	blog
16168	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16169	Well you know.	noemotion	blog
16170	You better free your mind instead.	noemotion	blog
16171	You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow.	noemotion	blog
16172	Don't you know know it's gonna be alright.	noemotion	blog
16173	Alright Alright.	noemotion	blog
16174	-- The Beatles.	noemotion	blog
16175	Karl Marx was onto something.	noemotion	blog
16176	Stiffer than a starched Eton collar.	noemotion	blog
16177	It will take total deprogramming.	noemotion	blog
16178	- from Wikipedia.	noemotion	blog
16179	Perhaps.	noemotion	blog
16180	Most of us do not choose to work.	noemotion	blog
16181	That's the American Dream.	noemotion	blog
16182	Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials, and I won't say anything.	noemotion	blog
16183	Yeah I know I'm 19 but I never worked.	noemotion	blog
16184	She actually knows a couple of people that I know.	noemotion	blog
16185	Again.	noemotion	blog
16186	I just don't get it.	noemotion	blog
16187	'eeh.	noemotion	blog
16188	okaaay, then.	noemotion	blog
16189	And then worst thing is? I don't DO anything about it.	noemotion	blog
16190	At once.	noemotion	blog
16191	Ahem.	noemotion	blog
16192	I checked two poltergeist books out of the library today.	noemotion	blog
16193	Yeah.	noemotion	blog
16194	EWWW.	noemotion	blog
16195	Well if you do, remember that catchy song.	noemotion	blog
16196	You know, Easy.	noemotion	blog
16197	He told me she has conversations with his away message online.	noemotion	blog
16198	[self-explanatory].	noemotion	blog
16199	My first day at Banana Republic is actually going to be this Saturday, not Sunday.	noemotion	blog
16200	Sure.	noemotion	blog
16201	Lame lame lame comparison, I know.	noemotion	blog
16202	Well.	noemotion	blog
16203	I listened to a few of them.	noemotion	blog
16204	There are so many things that never make it past the filter into this blog.	noemotion	blog
16205	That, and time.	noemotion	blog
16206	And you can bet I gave it a lot of thought.	noemotion	blog
16207	So we are.	noemotion	blog
16208	Update:.	noemotion	blog
16209	Eric:.	noemotion	blog
16210	This was on myspace today.	noemotion	blog
16211	Im not particularly interested in what ANY of his blogs have to say.	noemotion	blog
16212	So i've stopped listening.	noemotion	blog
16213	No more.	noemotion	blog
16214	I dressed conservatively and had no idea what I was doing.	noemotion	blog
16215	I get 9 in one yr and ive never had a ticket before, so i will be fine.	noemotion	blog
16216	So i pulled over and ran up.	noemotion	blog
16217	He said yes.	noemotion	blog
16218	I backed up during all this and looked under the vehicle only to see flames roaring towards the gas tank.	noemotion	blog
16219	i dont think I saved his life, but i may have saved his legs and a lot of skin.	noemotion	blog
16220	Who knows.	noemotion	blog
16221	Poor kid though.	noemotion	blog
16222	Anyways, Life goes on.	noemotion	blog
16223	And i've been thinking, my earlier comment about how this stuff finds me. Many people drove past, and many cars were infront of me in that exit lane, maybe this stuff is just as equally around everyone, I only choose to stop.	noemotion	blog
16224	How many people a day drive by cars with hadards on, or sitting n the side of the road.	noemotion	blog
16225	He didnt even get my name, but Im sure he will not forget me.	noemotion	blog
16226	K, enough with that kinda thought.	noemotion	blog
16227	Typical day I suppose.	noemotion	blog
16228	Yesterday was eventful, today is relaxing.	noemotion	blog
16229	She will be just fine.	noemotion	blog
16230	I know noone who reads this besides myself, so it does not matter.	noemotion	blog
16231	no goal tonight.	noemotion	blog
16232	Just go with the flow.	noemotion	blog
16233	I just don't.	noemotion	blog
16234	There are not a lot of guys that I will go for.	noemotion	blog
16235	say.	noemotion	blog
16236	Has anyone seen this week's Rolling Stone.	noemotion	blog
16237	I don't drink excessive amounts to project an image of being cool.	noemotion	blog
16238	I don't drink excessive amounts because I am bored.	noemotion	blog
16239	I listen.	noemotion	blog
16240	I could go on.	noemotion	blog
16241	Meh.	noemotion	blog
16242	WITH MY BACKPACK ON ME.	noemotion	blog
16243	The Rose.	noemotion	blog
16244	Bette Middler.	noemotion	blog
16245	I think I will wake from the dream, and I will see if I cannot turn it into a reality.	noemotion	blog
16246	If you haven't heard them, search iTunes and download the Podcast.	noemotion	blog
16247	I went out to Starbucks for lunch.	noemotion	blog
16248	**As in Farrell, I assume.	noemotion	blog
16249	Hey all,.	noemotion	blog
16250	I went back, had 6 mins to go get it and get back to the bus stop.	noemotion	blog
16251	I got it, got back to the station and my bus came right away.	noemotion	blog
16252	I got on the bus, dropped my resume on the wet floor and almost dropped my mp3 player.	noemotion	blog
16253	So I tried to relax on the bus on the way.	noemotion	blog
16254	We'll see how things go.	noemotion	blog
16255	Friday: Going to a movie or 2 with Paul at Rainbow cinemas.	noemotion	blog
16256	I would try to do some video too.	noemotion	blog
16257	That is all for now,.	noemotion	blog
16258	So yeah I did.	noemotion	blog
16259	The night before, I was really.	noemotion	blog
16260	Okay.	noemotion	blog
16261	So that night I decide.	noemotion	blog
16262	Hmm I remember Gareth's password why don't I spy to see whats going on.	noemotion	blog
16263	So.	noemotion	blog
16264	So I did anyway.	noemotion	blog
16265	And he said I gave you my password for a reason, so we wouldn't have to keep secrets from each other.	noemotion	blog
16266	Then.	noemotion	blog
16267	because then afterwards I had a BIG HEADACHE.	noemotion	blog
16268	Ehh.	noemotion	blog
16269	have u ever been chased with a knife.	noemotion	blog
16270	so, i ain't much to prove.	noemotion	blog
16271	good night.	noemotion	blog
16272	HEY.	noemotion	blog
16273	; love u hun.	joy	blog
16274	:D.	joy	blog
16275	[and guess what.	noemotion	blog
16276	*cries* Such is life I spose.	sadness	blog
16277	&gt;sigh.	sadness	blog
16278	AARRGGHH.	anger	blog
16279	Again, makes me so angry.	anger	blog
16280	Agreeing.	trust	blog
16281	Alex, you suck.	anger	blog
16282	Amazing.	joy	blog
16283	and disgusting.	disgust	blog
16284	and I love them.	joy	blog
16285	AND I'M ANNOYED.	anger	blog
16286	And sadly.	sadness	blog
16287	and stress.	sadness	blog
16288	Argh.	anger	blog
16289	As long as he is happy.	noemotion	blog
16290	Bad new.	fear	blog
16291	because I dislike her very much.	sadness	blog
16292	because you are ANNOYING US.	disgust	blog
16293	Bitch.	anger	blog
16294	Bitch.	anger	blog
16295	Bonus.	joy	blog
16296	but alas, they aren't yet.	noemotion	blog
16297	But I love it.	joy	blog
16298	Curious.	noemotion	blog
16299	Cyprus was amazing.	joy	blog
16300	despite the terror.	fear	blog
16301	Disaster.	anger	blog
16302	Eh.	surprise	blog
16303	enjoying it while it lasts.	joy	blog
16304	euphoric almost.	joy	blog
16305	Ew.	sadness	blog
16306	Exciting, no.	sadness	blog
16307	filling, which sucks.	sadness	blog
16308	freaky.	fear	blog
16309	Frenchie Fucked Off.	anger	blog
16310	fuck i can't wait to live alone.	anger	blog
16311	fuck off.	anger	blog
16312	fucking A.	anger	blog
16313	fucking A.	anger	blog
16314	Fucking seriously kid.	anger	blog
16315	Fun fun fun.	joy	blog
16316	Fun times.	joy	blog
16317	Funny photo's came out there.	joy	blog
16318	Gag, enough on that crap.	anger	blog
16319	Get a fucking clue.	anger	blog
16320	Good deal.	joy	blog
16321	Good news.	joy	blog
16322	good times.	joy	blog
16323	Good to love life.	joy	blog
16324	gotta love it.	joy	blog
16325	Ha.	surprise	blog
16326	Haha, except nicer.	joy	blog
16327	HAHA.	joy	blog
16328	haha.	joy	blog
16329	Hahah.	joy	blog
16330	Hahah.	joy	blog
16331	hahah.	joy	blog
16332	Hahaha.	joy	blog
16333	Hahaha.	joy	blog
16334	Hahaha.	joy	blog
16335	happy *sighs* laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16336	HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMIE.	joy	blog
16337	happy I love you happy.	joy	blog
16338	happy, laughing out loud wow.	joy	blog
16339	Have you ever felt longing.	joy	blog
16340	Haven't seen him in ages.	sadness	blog
16341	He cried.	sadness	blog
16342	he gave me a hug, that was good.	joy	blog
16343	He whatevered me. UGH.	anger	blog
16344	Hell no.	sadness	blog
16345	Hell, NEVER make them.	sadness	blog
16346	Hm, was a bit weird.	surprise	blog
16347	Horrible.	sadness	blog
16348	HORRIBLE.	sadness	blog
16349	How awesome is this country.	joy	blog
16350	How cool was that.	joy	blog
16351	however i do miss volleyball.	sadness	blog
16352	huh, news travels fast.	surprise	blog
16353	Hurt by the world of dating.	sadness	blog
16354	hurting his feelings, Ryan finished flatly.	sadness	blog
16355	I actually got it pretty good.	joy	blog
16356	I almost died.	fear	blog
16357	I don't like that.	sadness	blog
16358	I enjoy reading.	joy	blog
16359	I feel kind of bad.	sadness	blog
16360	i feel lost.	sadness	blog
16361	I feel so lost.	sadness	blog
16362	I just loved last night.	joy	blog
16363	I LOVE HER HOUSE.	joy	blog
16364	I love it.	joy	blog
16365	I love my chairs *sniffs*.	joy	blog
16366	I love skating.	joy	blog
16367	I love them.	joy	blog
16368	i miss hugs.	sadness	blog
16369	i miss myrtle beach.	sadness	blog
16370	I miss you so much.	sadness	blog
16371	I miss you.	sadness	blog
16372	I nodded, felt guilty.	sadness	blog
16373	I really do hate it.	sadness	blog
16374	I really hate Ma'am Nario.	sadness	blog
16375	I shudder to think.	noemotion	blog
16376	I spend my time joyfully packing boxes.	joy	blog
16377	I swelled with pride.	joy	blog
16378	i used to be so sad about it.	sadness	blog
16379	I want you to get mad.	sadness	blog
16380	I was just scared.	fear	blog
16381	I was psyched.	fear	blog
16382	I was so proud.	joy	blog
16383	I WUZ SCARED.	fear	blog
16384	I'd like to tell Sally to go eat shit.	anger	blog
16385	I'm as mad as hell,.	anger	blog
16386	I'm excited to move in.	joy	blog
16387	I'm like, For what.	noemotion	blog
16388	I'm loving school at Columbia.	joy	blog
16389	I'm LOVING the call center.	joy	blog
16390	I'm scared of my future.	fear	blog
16391	I'm so proud of myself.	joy	blog
16392	I'm the man.	joy	blog
16393	if i ever live with a girl, that bitch better be clean.	anger	blog
16394	im going to be trashed.	sadness	blog
16395	im hearbroken /3.	fear	blog
16396	im just annoyed.	anger	blog
16397	Im rather sick of myspace.	anger	blog
16398	im sick of looking at a computer screen.	anger	blog
16399	im worried about money.	fear	blog
16400	Inside joke inside joke.	joy	blog
16401	Into something better.	joy	blog
16402	It feels pretty good today.	joy	blog
16403	It kind of sucked.	sadness	blog
16404	it was pertty good.	joy	blog
16405	It was pretty good.	joy	blog
16406	It was SOOOO nice to see them.	joy	blog
16407	It was sooooo much fun.	joy	blog
16408	It's a beautiful thing.	joy	blog
16409	It's a depression.	sadness	blog
16410	It's a pretty breathtaking sight.	joy	blog
16411	It's about a fucking jacket.	anger	blog
16412	It's amazing.	joy	blog
16413	it's annoying as all get out.	anger	blog
16414	It's flat-out disgusting.	anger	blog
16415	It's pretty cool.	joy	blog
16416	It's pretty disgusting.	anger	blog
16417	It's so rude.	anger	blog
16418	Its fantastic.	joy	blog
16419	ive missed it so.	sadness	blog
16420	Just kidding.	joy	blog
16421	kill something.	sadness	blog
16422	laughing out loud just kidding.	joy	blog
16423	laughing out loud just kidding.	joy	blog
16424	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16425	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16426	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16427	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16428	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16429	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16430	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16431	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16432	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16433	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16434	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16435	laughing out loud.	joy	blog
16436	laughing.	joy	blog
16437	laughing.	joy	blog
16438	laughingh ; neeeways.	joy	blog
16439	Loads of fun.	joy	blog
16440	LOVE IT.	joy	blog
16441	Love u all.	joy	blog
16442	Love you.	joy	blog
16443	Loved London.	joy	blog
16444	Loved the free museums.	joy	blog
16445	Lovely.	joy	blog
16446	Man. I hate it.	sadness	blog
16447	Maybe I was nostalgic.	sadness	blog
16448	Miss it and that is it.	sadness	blog
16449	Miss you guys.	sadness	blog
16450	My cat, Roxie, is very nervous.	fear	blog
16451	My mouth hurts soooooo much.	sadness	blog
16452	Now that was fun.	joy	blog
16453	Now this was amazing.	joy	blog
16454	Now this was really amazing.	joy	blog
16455	Octoberfest was awesome.	joy	blog
16456	Oh, he said, and smiled.	joy	blog
16457	okay shut up.	anger	blog
16458	Point is it was exciting.	joy	blog
16459	Poopy poopy poopy.	joy	blog
16460	Pretty damn sad, isn't it.	sadness	blog
16461	pshaw.	sadness	blog
16462	Really scared.	fear	blog
16463	Really.	surprise	blog
16464	She is afraid to.	fear	blog
16465	She threatened.	fear	blog
16466	She's amazing.	joy	blog
16467	Should be interesting.	anticipation	blog
16468	Sigh.	sadness	blog
16469	Snow in October.	noemotion	blog
16470	so fuck off.	sadness	blog
16471	so fuck off.	sadness	blog
16472	So it was a nice trip.	joy	blog
16473	So, I am thankful to still be alive.	anticipation	blog
16474	Strange.	surprise	blog
16475	stupid ass hole.	anger	blog
16476	surprising i know.	surprise	blog
16477	Thank you everyone.	trust	blog
16478	Thank you guys.	trust	blog
16479	That was funny.	joy	blog
16480	That was kind of funny.	joy	blog
16481	that was sooo fun.	joy	blog
16482	that would be pretty sweet.	joy	blog
16483	That would be so awesome.	joy	blog
16484	The answers are dispicable.	sadness	blog
16485	The fireworks were beautiful.	joy	blog
16486	The job is really nice.	joy	blog
16487	The movie itself sucked.	anger	blog
16488	The people are absolutely LOVELY.	joy	blog
16489	They are amazing.	joy	blog
16490	They didn't like me very much.	sadness	blog
16491	They're cute.	sadness	blog
16492	Things I cannnot win.	sadness	blog
16493	This awesome program.	joy	blog
16494	This is my year to be happy.	joy	blog
16495	This is my year to be happy.	joy	blog
16496	This is not good.	sadness	blog
16497	This week was mucho fun.	joy	blog
16498	Thursday was like, really fun.	joy	blog
16499	Today rocks.	joy	blog
16500	Today sucked.	anger	blog
16501	Tricky bastards.	anger	blog
16502	UGH.	anger	blog
16503	ugh.	anger	blog
16504	Ugh.	anger	blog
16505	ugh.	anger	blog
16506	Un-happy people.	sadness	blog
16507	Urgh.	anger	blog
16508	Vegas was a lot of fun.	joy	blog
16509	Vive la France.	joy	blog
16510	We had a ball in Zurich.	joy	blog
16511	WE WERE TOTALLY AWESOME.	joy	blog
16512	What the fuck.	anger	blog
16513	what the helllll.	anger	blog
16514	Which I am so happy for.	joy	blog
16515	whoot.	noemotion	blog
16516	Win win.	joy	blog
16517	with a smile ofcourse.	joy	blog
16518	Woohoo.	joy	blog
16519	Wooo.	joy	blog
16520	Woot.	joy	blog
16521	Work was fucked up.	anger	blog
16522	Wow.	surprise	blog
16523	Wow.	surprise	blog
16524	wowo.	anger	blog
16525	yay.	joy	blog
16526	YAY.	joy	blog
16527	YAY.	joy	blog
16528	On Dad And His Birthday.	joy	blog
16529	It was really cold tho.	noemotion	blog
16530	Ill be puting pics up soon.	noemotion	blog
16531	They were like 4-5 minutes apart.	noemotion	blog
16532	Im a senior.	noemotion	blog
16533	and about me i guess.	noemotion	blog
16534	Confused.	noemotion	blog
16535	being fixed up.	noemotion	blog
16536	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16537	i got a copy for my birthday.	joy	blog
16538	Kiss my hair.	joy	blog
16539	I want to go home.	anticipation	blog
16540	Humanities.	noemotion	blog
16541	We'll see though, it keeps changing.	noemotion	blog
16542	Hope all is well in your worlds.	noemotion	blog
16543	Keep It Real And Live Good,.	noemotion	blog
16544	and then it happened.	noemotion	blog
16545	then went home and got ready for the game.	noemotion	blog
16546	happy At the game.	joy	blog
16547	where did we leave off.	noemotion	blog
16548	Shakespeare, old school.	noemotion	blog
16549	Great East London accents.	noemotion	blog
16550	That changed very quickly.	noemotion	blog
16551	After London came the World Cup.	noemotion	blog
16552	But it was close.	noemotion	blog
16553	Not bad.	noemotion	blog
16554	first day of school.	noemotion	blog
16555	You can deal with this, Nyssa.	noemotion	blog
16556	Edit:.	noemotion	blog
16557	So I guess that counts for something.	noemotion	blog
16558	destroyed.	sadness	blog
16559	rescued.	anticipation	blog
16560	governed.	noemotion	blog
16561	Different songs keep on playing.	noemotion	blog
16562	Their distractions were very limited.	noemotion	blog
16563	what is happiness.	noemotion	blog
16564	as defined by the dictionary.	noemotion	blog
16565	So while Cliche it is true.	noemotion	blog
16566	A shock mount was bad.	surprise	blog
16567	Cook up lamb for gyros.	joy	blog
16568	Probably too many to count.	noemotion	blog
16569	Cassy agreed.	noemotion	blog
16570	crying eheh.	sadness	blog
16571	Well short one anyway.	noemotion	blog
16572	This is called the nikab.	noemotion	blog
16573	I'm by no means an expert on veils.	noemotion	blog
16574	Is there really a difference.	anticipation	blog
16575	There is no black and white my friends.	noemotion	blog
16576	Thanks for the support.	anticipation	blog
16577	Well, my MIL arrived yesterday.	noemotion	blog
16578	Do you know the feeling.	anticipation	blog
16579	like the energizer bunny.	joy	blog
16580	Daddybear refused to let them take the baby.	sadness	blog
16581	This list is very short.	noemotion	blog
16582	You have never been to Cheers.	noemotion	blog
16583	happy;.	joy	blog
16584	I lost 3 pounds this week.	noemotion	blog
16585	happy.	joy	blog
16586	the season is changing.	noemotion	blog
16587	and well, i got married.	joy	blog
16588	talk about a life change.	noemotion	blog
16589	changes to come.	noemotion	blog
16590	I just can't help it.	sadness	blog
16591	The job is still just that.	noemotion	blog
16592	I'm gonna hit the work out now.	joy	blog
16593	Lots of people had sex.	joy	blog
16594	That's a polite way of saying.	noemotion	blog
16595	I don't know, I'm not feeling it.	noemotion	blog
16596	I still have six that have not arrived yet.	noemotion	blog
16597	One cookie jar was not packed well.	noemotion	blog
16598	It was called Ugly Old Hen.	sadness	blog
16599	It was broken.	sadness	blog
16600	Then Tomorrow.	noemotion	blog
16601	But after a month, that hasn't really happened.	anticipation	blog
16602	swapped parts;.	noemotion	blog
16603	read sections backwards;.	noemotion	blog
16604	cut pages up and rearranged them;.	noemotion	blog
16605	This happened again today.	noemotion	blog
16606	it happens I guess.	noemotion	blog
16607	Your Famous Last Words Will Be:.	anticipation	blog
16608	i leave for london in NINE DAYS.	anticipation	blog
16609	more virgins for you.	noemotion	blog
16610	right now, yet losing.	sadness	blog
16611	you may think yet winning, but yet not.	noemotion	blog
16612	we have to be diplomatic.	noemotion	blog
16613	So some guy will call.	anticipation	blog
16614	he'll be like.	noemotion	blog
16615	And then they hang up.	sadness	blog
16616	That never happened.	noemotion	blog
16617	We sat outside on his porch.	noemotion	blog
16618	It's still too soon to make those comments.	noemotion	blog
16619	I let him slip.	noemotion	blog
16620	Phil reluctantly came along.	noemotion	blog
16621	But I didn't hug him.	sadness	blog
16622	I didn't want to make physicaly contact.	sadness	blog
16623	I told him that's not true.	noemotion	blog
16624	I assured him, you do care.	noemotion	blog
16625	You just don't show it anymore.	noemotion	blog
16626	and by then, they guys were out of the store.	noemotion	blog
16627	Phil walked away quickly.	noemotion	blog
16628	You're not coming with us.	noemotion	blog
16629	i've decided, i'll share later.	noemotion	blog
16630	good bye happy.	sadness	blog
16631	I broke the promise.	sadness	blog
16632	Don't like it.	sadness	blog
16633	I want that.	anticipation	blog
16634	I've realized what I want in life.	noemotion	blog
16635	I want a family.	anticipation	blog
16636	Wayne just called me.	joy	blog
16637	Alley still hasn't had those pups.	noemotion	blog
16638	I hope that she has them tonight.	anticipation	blog
16639	As far as school goes.	noemotion	blog
16640	I start my very last class Monday.	noemotion	blog
16641	I need it and I want it.	anticipation	blog
16642	I didn't even know he watched that.	noemotion	blog
16643	It's usually Star Trek or Brady Bunch.	noemotion	blog
16644	Lots of shooters.	sadness	blog
16645	so it should be pretty easy.	anticipation	blog
16646	and i emphasize - band.	noemotion	blog
16647	But I want to go.	noemotion	blog
16648	Attention seeker ? Most likely.	noemotion	blog
16649	It was like.	noemotion	blog
16650	I have nothing to lose.	anticipation	blog
16651	I needed to start over new.	anticipation	blog
16652	hopefully the right one.	anticipation	blog
16653	one I am not thinking long term.	noemotion	blog
16654	I'm just taking it as it comes.	noemotion	blog
16655	I hope not.	anticipation	blog
16656	Oh yeah, and the best part:.	noemotion	blog
16657	It went on like that for a good minute.	noemotion	blog
16658	I guess someone forgot her midol.	noemotion	blog
16659	We're struggling with my bike.	anger	blog
16660	Is this spin or is it true.	noemotion	blog
16661	i feel like i could fly.	joy	blog
16662	can someone tell me please?.	anticipation	blog
16663	My mother was invited too.	noemotion	blog
16664	It's her brother's best friend.	noemotion	blog
16665	Anyhow not important though.	noemotion	blog
16666	Word I am dead tired.	noemotion	blog
16667	It is like doing my art.	noemotion	blog
16668	I get lost in it.	joy	blog
16669	Just guys flying their kites.	joy	blog
16670	Lizelle didn't want to go to church.	noemotion	blog
16671	So we basicly had to wait for Anri to decide.	anticipation	blog
16672	Imagine you are young and healthy.	joy	blog
16673	So you decide to join the military.	noemotion	blog
16674	The world is still yours for the taking.	joy	blog
16675	See, I knew he had cheated.	anger	blog
16676	I couldn't answer her.	noemotion	blog
16677	All will be greatly appreciated.	anticipation	blog
16678	my birthday is on monday.	joy	blog
16679	its not bad here at all.	joy	blog
16680	im feeling you.	noemotion	blog
16681	And how can I start now.	noemotion	blog
16682	At least in my experience.	noemotion	blog
16683	Maybe that doesn't sound like a ritual.	noemotion	blog
16684	A time to relax, be pampered, catch up.	joy	blog
16685	and we come away with the cutest toes ever.	joy	blog
16686	Commerce.	noemotion	blog
16687	Show debuts.	joy	blog
16688	But we didn't hang around.	noemotion	blog
16689	I'm not leveled up yet, no sir.	noemotion	blog
16690	My Mother Is A Fish.	noemotion	blog
16691	How important can they be.	anticipation	blog
16692	I don't have them and I'm still here.	anger	blog
16693	An accident.	surprise	blog
16694	Selective memory, they say.	noemotion	blog
16695	It's kind of confusing.	surprise	blog
16696	I really need to get more friends.	anticipation	blog
16697	Just like the fisherman.	noemotion	blog
16698	Doesn't seem fair, not at all.	anger	blog
16699	But people swim in this, right.	noemotion	blog
16700	The water can't be that bad.	anticipation	blog
16701	And it's not that cold yet.	noemotion	blog
16702	I could be wrong.	anticipation	blog
16703	I quickly strip.	noemotion	blog
16704	I just throw my clothes in a pile.	noemotion	blog
16705	But for now, I go hide.	noemotion	blog
16706	cold, rainy day.	noemotion	blog
16707	Finally a picture update.	noemotion	blog
16708	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16709	Justin's Birthday:.	joy	blog
16710	and here is the birthday boy.	joy	blog
16711	this boy jumped in and blew it.	joy	blog
16712	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16713	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16714	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16715	we were freezing to death.	fear	blog
16716	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16717	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16718	I question that too.	noemotion	blog
16719	I want to go here.	anticipation	blog
16720	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16721	Eff likes bunnies.	noemotion	blog
16722	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16723	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16724	super hilarious.	joy	blog
16725	Completely.	noemotion	blog
16726	then my bro calls.	noemotion	blog
16727	and he's like.	noemotion	blog
16728	i'm like.	noemotion	blog
16729	that's not entirely true.	noemotion	blog
16730	he called my sister.	noemotion	blog
16731	didn't rumble like.	noemotion	blog
16732	have a true normal life.	noemotion	blog
16733	thanks hun.	joy	blog
16734	Song: Cold.	noemotion	blog
16735	I never really wanted you to see.	noemotion	blog
16736	I never really wanted you to go.	noemotion	blog
16737	Maybe in a different light.	noemotion	blog
16738	Classical Music 101.	noemotion	blog
16739	Arguments in favor: 29.	noemotion	blog
16740	Arguments in opposition: 20.	noemotion	blog
16741	to nap.	noemotion	blog
16742	Confused.	surprise	blog
16743	happy.	joy	blog
16744	BLUE EYES.	noemotion	blog
16745	but i'll give you a clue.	noemotion	blog
16746	dont worry its not.	noemotion	blog
16747	ok peace.	joy	blog
16748	Yeah, sure, I'll watch your guitar.	noemotion	blog
16749	Ah, thanks.	joy	blog
16750	This depends on what you're measuring.	noemotion	blog
16751	They have several Degas.	noemotion	blog
16752	A real Alma-Tadema.	noemotion	blog
16753	or somebody like that.	noemotion	blog
16754	Cold with cocktail sauce.	noemotion	blog
16755	Or hot with butter and garlic.	noemotion	blog
16756	To which my brother said, Cocktail.	noemotion	blog
16757	i just want.	noemotion	blog
16758	Bye.	noemotion	blog
16759	So I started work Weds.	noemotion	blog
16760	That was uhm harsh.	sadness	blog
16761	I wonder if its faded, yet.	noemotion	blog
16762	He called me a woman.	noemotion	blog
16763	I don't look that much like a girl, do I.	noemotion	blog
16764	I have no clue.	noemotion	blog
16765	Spoiler warning.	noemotion	blog
16766	How did they traverse the chasms.	noemotion	blog
16767	Would they bother.	noemotion	blog
16768	Hey shelter you think, good deal.	noemotion	blog
16769	Spoiler alert.	noemotion	blog
16770	How long til you break.	fear	blog
16771	Yes, in effect, I've become a Supervisor.	joy	blog
16772	Teams---1---2---3---4---5---6----Final.	noemotion	blog
16773	All right, that's all I want to say.	noemotion	blog
16774	Scott moved out this morning.	sadness	blog
16775	I was kind of confused.	noemotion	blog
16776	So, tomorrow I am busy.	noemotion	blog
16777	I finally feel a little more independent.	noemotion	blog
16778	You know, do my thing, be independent.	noemotion	blog
16779	I will be on all night waiting.	anticipation	blog
16780	i want to be that.	anticipation	blog
16781	it's so weird.	surprise	blog
16782	deep like the kiddy pool.	noemotion	blog
16783	I guess my fingers could be too.	noemotion	blog
16784	I wish it all would end.	anticipation	blog
16785	I wish other things would change.	anticipation	blog
16786	where has the love in reciprocation gone.	sadness	blog
16787	No words can describe them.	surprise	blog
16788	What is it that I want out of my life.	anticipation	blog
16789	Questions, only questions, with no answers.	anger	blog
16790	Yet, I am helpless to it.	sadness	blog
16791	Probably I do.	noemotion	blog
16792	No, that last one isn't true.	noemotion	blog
16793	I talked to the bartender for a minute.	noemotion	blog
16794	Aren't you a friend of Maggie's? I am Maggie.	noemotion	blog
16795	You look like her, I guess.	noemotion	blog
16796	I need to go to therapy like whoa.	anticipation	blog
16797	that is if my ticket ever comes.	anticipation	blog
16798	Definitely.	trust	blog
16799	Definitely.	trust	blog
16800	i just watched Kinsey.	noemotion	blog
16801	no not that long.	noemotion	blog
16802	their atm machines eat the cards.	sadness	blog
16803	it wasn't too bad.	noemotion	blog
16804	ok, so do me a favor.	noemotion	blog
16805	Oh, it's so soon now, so quick.	noemotion	blog
16806	It's two-piece, green stretch velvet.	noemotion	blog
16807	He's not on the football team.	noemotion	blog
16808	For like a week.	noemotion	blog
16809	Only, maybe just in different ways.	noemotion	blog
16810	There are several things I know.	noemotion	blog
16811	And also, I look like a cat.	noemotion	blog
16812	Love.	joy	blog
16813	You say you want a revolution.	anticipation	blog
16814	We all want to change the world.	anticipation	blog
16815	We all want to change the world.	anticipation	blog
16816	But when you talk about destruction.	noemotion	blog
16817	Don't you know you can count me out.	noemotion	blog
16818	You say you got a real solution.	anticipation	blog
16819	All I can tell you is brother you have to wait.	anticipation	blog
16820	You say you'll change the constitution.	anticipation	blog
16821	We all want to change your head.	anticipation	blog
16822	You tell me it's the institution.	noemotion	blog
16823	It will take radical thought change.	noemotion	blog
16824	It will take a revolution.	noemotion	blog
16825	Programming In Action.	noemotion	blog
16826	Recipe for a revolution.	noemotion	blog
16827	Just leave us alone.	anticipation	blog
16828	So, I want you to get up now.	anticipation	blog
16829	I want all of you to get up out of your chairs.	anticipation	blog
16830	Peter Finch as Howard Beale in Network 1976.	noemotion	blog
16831	So I started my first job this week.	joy	blog
16832	I suppose it's mostly my fault.	sadness	blog
16833	I'm just such a complete airhead.	noemotion	blog
16834	Hello, hostile much.	noemotion	blog
16835	An omen.	noemotion	blog
16836	You choose the answer.	noemotion	blog
16837	No pun intended.	noemotion	blog
16838	God does know what is best.	trust	blog
16839	Anyways, I went to Court yesterday.	noemotion	blog
16840	Long story short, I learned a lot.	noemotion	blog
16841	All this before court.	noemotion	blog
16842	An honesty.	trust	blog
16843	I've homework to do.	noemotion	blog
16844	sex and money.	joy	blog
16845	My plans coming up.	noemotion	blog
16846	Seriously.	noemotion	blog
16847	in a WORD document.	noemotion	blog
16848	Majorly.	noemotion	blog
16849	And I was like.	noemotion	blog
16850	Well if you want.	noemotion	blog
16851	But I was like, Do what you want.	noemotion	blog
16852	but it happened.	noemotion	blog
16853	But i feel okay.	trust	blog
16854	My baby you'll be.	anticipation	blog
16855	it's a little more complicated.	noemotion	blog
16856	by ur mother.	trust	blog
16857	my man and i know it's true.	trust	blog
16858	So he kinda knew something was wrong.	fear	blog
16859	and he said that it was understandable.	trust	blog
16860	Funny, she usually thinks I'm Nora.	joy	blog
16861	Please, if you exist anywhere, let me know.	anticipation	blog
16862	All of my co-workers are people like that.	noemotion	blog
16863	I don't say like every other word.	noemotion	blog
16864	By a band called Big Country.	noemotion	blog
16865	Not exactly how anyone wants to go out.	noemotion	blog
16866	Welcome to the future and recent past.	noemotion	blog
16867	that i'm still trying to finish.	anticipation	blog
16868	Everyone else calls him Tony.	noemotion	blog
16869	Shoe shopping, of course.	noemotion	blog
16870	I came home and I think I took a nap,.	noemotion	blog
16871	It really was his fault though.	anger	blog
16872	I thought she was going shopping today.	noemotion	blog
16873	She's not a skating-type person, though.	noemotion	blog
16874	So many public spaces, parks museums, gardens.	noemotion	blog
16875	Good night friends.	noemotion	blog
16876	Click here for the New York Times obit.	noemotion	blog
16877	Earlier, I believe Satyajit Ray got it.	noemotion	blog
16878	And they are doing precisely that.	noemotion	blog
16879	On Ram Gopal Varma's Sholay.	noemotion	blog
16880	I go to archbishop ryan high school.	noemotion	blog
16881	luckily we won that one.	joy	blog
16882	was so awesome.	joy	blog
16883	Three hours of horror.	disgust	blog
16884	Now this was ridiculous amounts of fun.	joy	blog
16885	Oh and the food is incredible.	joy	blog
16886	And they all seem to really enjoy their city.	joy	blog
16887	We really had a ball in Paris.	joy	blog
16888	This is my year to try new things and to succeed.	anticipation	blog
16889	This is my first year of loving myself.	joy	blog
16890	You can handle high school drama. Also, I have so many friends, and all of them are true, caring, trustworthy friends who love me and are supporting me 100%.	trust	blog
16891	As far as i can tell, it was a success.	joy	blog
16892	They all complimented on it.	joy	blog
16893	The cops come outta nowhere this time.	surprise	blog
16894	didn't see that one coming.	surprise	blog
16895	but that scares me even more.	fear	blog
16896	in  a word, lost.	disgust	blog
16897	have a great idea for a new scarf.	anticipation	blog
16898	Was I wrong to be taken aback by that?	surprise	blog
16899	We hung out in his car for the rest of the day talking and laughing.	noemotion	blog
16900	I am currently angry because I want Jarred to take me for DQ Blizzard.	anger	blog
16901	GOD are they annoying me.	disgust	blog
16902	She grabbed the handlebars of my bike, and tried to push me off.	surprise	blog
16903	laughing out loud [they are cute brothers, no?].	joy	blog
16904	I was scared to see him with a knife.	fear	blog
16905	This smile made me more scared.	fear	blog
16906	He first tore up the toy car.	disgust	blog
16907	happy, It was really yummy.	joy	blog
16908	I think he has a crush on me. super hilarious.	joy	blog
16909	I adore her with all my heart.	joy	blog
16910	This goes to show you have a bigger heart than I, Mango dearest.	joy	blog
16911	This event was sooo fun.	joy	blog
16912	It was like an exciting adventure where we walked 6 miles in the cold.	joy	blog
16913	Anywho, this balloon man was awesome.	joy	blog
16914	Anywho, I got really interesting fortunes.	joy	blog
16915	Someone unexpected from your past with resurface.	surprise	blog
16916	I haven't seen her in like two years.	sadness	blog
16917	Then, another someone unexpected too.	surprise	blog
16918	As for Eff, he got You will find the road to happiness by helping others.	joy	blog
16919	Our first conversation was an argument in English class.	noemotion	blog
16920	Anywho~ Today was fun.	joy	blog
16921	I am going to do the AIDS walk again next year for fun.	noemotion	blog
16922	On the plus side, the home tour put me in the holiday spirit.	joy	blog
16923	This week I am totally going to start my Christmas shopping.	anticipation	blog
16924	And on that note, enjoy the remainder of your Sunday.	joy	blog
16925	The Coliseum or Colosseo was awesome.	joy	blog
16926	That it is still standing for us to see is.  well, I feel very lucky.	noemotion	blog
16927	It was beautiful, and FULL of people and tour buses.	joy	blog
16928	Inside was stunning- and FULL of people.	joy	blog
16929	And then we realized- there was Mass going on.	surprise	blog
16930	Last night we met an Australian couple at our hostel and had a nice chat.	noemotion	blog
16931	What the hell am I going to do when I get back home.	anger	blog
16932	These questions completely depress me.	sadness	blog
16933	so i've discovered a new superpowe and yes i do have others.	joy	blog
16934	i can dream and earthquake and it'll actually happen.	noemotion	blog
16935	THEY called me. i just wanted to frickin' sleep.	anger	blog
16936	all in all, an interesting sunday.	joy	blog
16937	this fuckers don't go down too easy.	anger	blog
16938	what surprised me most geekin' it up was the frequency of the rumbles.	surprise	blog
16939	I jump, shrieking a little before I realize it's only Kubik.	fear	blog
16940	I do love the Chun Li pictures I found.	joy	blog
16941	She's always been one of my favorite video game characters.	joy	blog
16942	maybe it's because she can beat the living shit out of guys heh.	fear	blog
16943	She is also very strong and keen, but carries the scars of her past.	joy	blog
16944	Appleseed is another Anime movie I loved.	joy	blog
16945	They were on a special and heh.	noemotion	blog
16946	It feels so nice after a long workout.	joy	blog
16947	It works great and I really like it.	joy	blog
16948	*smiles* he said I looked cute as always.	joy	blog
16949	I'm sorry and I will get more focused.	sadness	blog
16950	Is I'm sorry for the way I am.	sadness	blog
16951	And I'm sorry about all the lies.	sadness	blog
16952	I guess for me theres just no hope.	sadness	blog
16953	*smiles* I will beat this thing.	joy	blog
16954	*huggles to you all*.	joy	blog
16955	I do miss them so very much, though I don't miss class at all.	sadness	blog
16956	We had a wonderful time.	joy	blog
16957	i don't want to make a mistake that i can't undo.	fear	blog
16958	i don't want to burn any bridges, incase i've crossed the wrong one.	noemotion	blog
16959	my paranoia really knows no bounds.	fear	blog
16960	this amuses me so very much.	joy	blog
16961	but im still laughing a lot.	joy	blog
16962	things make me laugh here, esp. my roommates.	joy	blog
16963	speaking in thrid person amuses kerstin.	joy	blog
16964	I love the show because I learn so much.	joy	blog
16965	It is dangerous to force everything into a market mentality.	fear	blog
16966	Who is going to buy this sort of prediction and 'futures'.	anticipation	blog
16967	How disgusting would it be to see 9/11 turn into a 'market'.	disgust	blog
16968	And, I do ask, who profited from 9/11 in the first place.	anger	blog
16969	Seeing the body in action was very interesting.	surprise	blog
16970	Also interesting were the cases of organs - healthy and diseased.	joy	blog
16971	I dislike feeling ill. Especially when I had plans for the weekend.	sadness	blog
16972	I'm still being bothered by the craziest smells.	disgust	blog
16973	which of course, makes me feel nauseous.	disgust	blog
16974	Besides all of that, I've been feeling great.	joy	blog
16975	He keeps yelling and pounding his feet on the floor.	anger	blog
16976	As you can tell, my day has been nothing short of tremendous.	noemotion	blog
16977	and that's one of the only people i highly dislike.	disgust	blog
16978	actually thats the only person i highly dislike.	disgust	blog
16979	cuz i hate tryin to prove myself to everyone.	anger	blog
16980	Luckily, it stopped in time for the lesson.	joy	blog
16981	I love the song Absolutely Everybody ever since the parade.	joy	blog
16982	Not to mention I find her to be incredibly intimidatingsp.	fear	blog
16983	The second day I went in and I was so paranoid.	fear	blog
16984	That is going to suck so much.	disgust	blog
16985	I'm definately done bitching for now.	anger	blog
16986	Wash your damned hands.	anger	blog
16987	So how the holy fuck did the cave-dwellers get a MOOSE through.	anger	blog
16988	You explore for a little bit, then WHOOPS.	noemotion	blog
16989	Cue Our Lady Peace - Superman's Dead, good song.	joy	blog
16990	Do you worry that you're not liked.	fear	blog
16991	You're happy cause you smile, but how much can you fake.	joy	blog
16992	So I'm not doing shit unless absolutely necessary.	disgust	blog
16993	I remember walking off the field disgusted with myself.	disgust	blog
16994	I liked that, I am really happy to be able to ride again.	joy	blog
16995	Especially when it's a bloody government cheque.	anger	blog
16996	He's not ignorant, just old fashioned which is pretty damn rare.	noemotion	blog
16997	I pride myself on listening to a wide variety of music.	joy	blog
16998	I was sad, but I helped him move his stuff.	sadness	blog
16999	Either way, I'm thinking it's looking pretty good.	joy	blog
17000	So, tomorrow's gonna make me a little sad.	sadness	blog
17001	all i know is i suck  and im not looking for sympathy comments here.	disgust	blog
17002	why cant i just be happy with good enough.	sadness	blog
17003	everything could ALWAYS be better  so ill never be happy.	anticipation	blog
17004	i suck , completely and thouroughly suck.	disgust	blog
17005	ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   why do i hate life?.	anger	blog
17006	i just wanna have fun and be happy and simple like all my friends.	joy	blog
17007	Do you people not listen to the news or what.	noemotion	blog
17008	Which, just so you know, really fucking hurts.	anger	blog
17009	In fact, I bought TOILET PAPER of George Bush stupid quotes.	disgust	blog
17010	I'm still pretty freaked out by the piano exam next week.	fear	blog
17011	I dislike negative, non-beneficial to me change in people and things.	anger	blog
17012	The only way to enjoy them, is to live that moment.	joy	blog
17013	It's like Christmas presents in reverse.	disgust	blog
17014	Just because, you know, too cheesy to live.	noemotion	blog
17015	i'm really lucky about that.	joy	blog
17016	i'm actually pretty good at driving a normal car, so i'm excited.	joy	blog
17017	i got some great presents and had an awesome 16th birthday.	joy	blog
17018	First journal entry in over a year happy craziness.	joy	blog
17019	The people here even at Columbia are so different than I expected.	surprise	blog
17020	I'm scared to death about getting a job after school.	fear	blog
17021	I can't wait, but I'm nervous as hell now.	fear	blog
17022	afraid that you will be hurt yet again.	fear	blog
17023	hurt if that person say's no.	anticipation	blog
17024	Hurt if that person say's yes and down the line you brake up.	sadness	blog
17025	Hurt by the world of friendship yet again.	sadness	blog
17026	Hurt so bad you stay in a world that is only in your mind.	sadness	blog
17027	Hurt so bad you stay in your room.	sadness	blog
17028	My night last night turned out amazing towards 8:00-9:00.	joy	blog
17029	Love NFL, love live, it only makes sense.	joy	blog
17030	I'm sorry someone died, but to mislead me like that is inexcusable.	disgust	blog
17031	Love NFL, love live, it only makes sense.	joy	blog
17032	she makes me all nervous and tense.	fear	blog
17033	which sucks, but that might mean her birthday.	disgust	blog
17034	im afraid of what will happen if that gets out.	fear	blog
17035	I can handle dull aches, it's the sharp pains that freak me out.	anger	blog
17036	Which, to be honest, was making Brad slightly nervous.	fear	blog
17037	Perhaps it had just been pre-deal excitement.	joy	blog
17038	He called Yohji, missing him, wanting to talk to him.	sadness	blog
17039	It actually was quite a bit of fun.	joy	blog
17040	We offered to do Aaron too, but he just laughed and shook his head.	noemotion	blog
17041	He really laughed a lot today.	joy	blog
17042	I made me sorry that I don't actually know him.	sadness	blog
17043	After Drawing, I was standing at Ryan's locker, leaning back, laughing.	noemotion	blog
17044	I said, He always seems so nervous.	surprise	blog
17045	And that's total bullshit, because those things shouldn't even matter.	anger	blog
17046	Goodbyes break my heart and make me choke on my last words.	sadness	blog
17047	Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job.	fear	blog
17048	All I know is that first, you've got to get mad.	anger	blog
17049	You've gotta say, I'm a human being, goddammit.	anger	blog
17050	It will alter you judgement, longing will destroy you.	sadness	blog
17051	It's pretty sweet and I feel very blessed that I have it.	joy	blog
17052	Go find someone else to be your bitch.	anger	blog
17053	I get such a laugh out of that every time.	joy	blog
17054	Every one was really nice, even the judge.	joy	blog
17055	The exciting part of my day, as cliche as it sounds was a car fire.	joy	blog
17056	How do you know that smoke is not from a tire, and the car could be on fire.	fear	blog
17057	It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance.	sadness	blog
17058	It's the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance.	fear	blog
17059	And the soul afraid of dying that never learns to live.	fear	blog
17060	When the night has been too lonely, and the road has been too long,.	sadness	blog
17061	Internship was pretty awesome today.	joy	blog
17062	I totally loved it, because I am a geek.	joy	blog
17063	Ms. Lawler just kept smiling awkwardly.	noemotion	blog
17064	I'm kind of freaking out about debate but I'm kind of okay.	fear	blog
17065	Everything looks good.	joy	blog
17066	I felt really awful through out the whole day too.	sadness	blog
17067	So I did and I got so panicy that I only got to the 6th page.	fear	blog
17068	I left it, but through out the whole day I was really awful.	noemotion	blog
17069	He's like, Would it make me happy that I delete her off my friends list and messenger.	noemotion	blog
17070	Ill miss you always forever and ever.	sadness	blog
17071	i'm so down right now i can't be anymore upset.	sadness	blog
17072	Mortar assault leaves at least 18 dead	noemotion	newsheadline
17073	Goal delight for Sheva	joy	newsheadline
17074	Nigeria hostage feared dead is freed	joy	newsheadline
17075	Bombers kill shoppers	fear	newsheadline
17076	Vegetables, not fruit, slow brain decline	noemotion	newsheadline
17077	PM: Havana deal a good experiment	joy	newsheadline
17078	Kate is marrying Doherty	joy	newsheadline
17079	NASA revisiting life on Mars question	noemotion	newsheadline
17080	Happy birthday, iPod	joy	newsheadline
17081	Alonso would be happy to retire with three titles	joy	newsheadline
17082	Madonna's New Tot 'Happy at Home' in London	joy	newsheadline
17083	Nicole Kidman asks dad to help stop husband's drinking	noemotion	newsheadline
17084	United Finds Good Connection in Win	noemotion	newsheadline
17085	'Runway': Making Good Without Making Nice	joy	newsheadline
17086	We were 'arrogant and stupid' over Iraq, says US diplomat	noemotion	newsheadline
17087	Bad reasons to be good	noemotion	newsheadline
17088	Madonna's new baby's daddy didn't realize adoption was `for good'	surprise	newsheadline
17089	Women in their 60s 'are perfectly good mothers'	joy	newsheadline
17090	We're a pretty kind 'bully'	joy	newsheadline
17091	Moderate drinking reduces men's heart attack risk	noemotion	newsheadline
17092	Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes set wedding date	joy	newsheadline
17093	Kidnapped AP photographer freed in Gaza	joy	newsheadline
17094	Bush Insists Troops Stay in Iraq, Predicts Midterm Victory	noemotion	newsheadline
17095	Hurricane Paul Weakens To Tropical Storm	noemotion	newsheadline
17096	UK announces immigration restrictions	noemotion	newsheadline
17097	Three found alive from missing Russian ship -report	noemotion	newsheadline
17098	Poison Pill to Swallow: Hawks Hurting After Loss to Vikes	sadness	newsheadline
17099	Injured Marathon Winner Leaves Hospital	noemotion	newsheadline
17100	Hacker unlocks Apple music download protection	fear	newsheadline
17101	Spanish journalist seized in Gaza	noemotion	newsheadline
17102	Sudan urges UN to replace its special envoy	noemotion	newsheadline
17103	Resolution approved for international games	noemotion	newsheadline
17104	Pair of Satellites Will Document Sun in 3-D	noemotion	newsheadline
17105	Martian Life Could Have Evaded Detection by Viking Landers	noemotion	newsheadline
17106	The sweet tune of an anniversary	joy	newsheadline
17107	Did Viking Probes Miss Life on Mars?	noemotion	newsheadline
17108	Diplomat acknowledges US arrogance in Iraq	disgust	newsheadline
17109	More Human Remains Found at Ground Zero	noemotion	newsheadline
17110	How to Prevent Iraq From Getting Even Worse	noemotion	newsheadline
17111	Tensions as Hungary marks uprising	noemotion	newsheadline
17112	Stanford study warns of Internet addiction	noemotion	newsheadline
17113	No evidence of ice reserves on the moon	noemotion	newsheadline
17114	A Picture and A Thousand Words	noemotion	newsheadline
17115	Parachutist dies at bridge-jump festival	sadness	newsheadline
17116	US Troops Killed In October In Iraq	noemotion	newsheadline
17117	Chefs not counting calories, study finds	noemotion	newsheadline
17118	Deaths linked to flu vaccine	fear	newsheadline
17119	Perfect lives lose their focus	sadness	newsheadline
17120	Bread-Heavy Diet Linked to Kidney Cancer	noemotion	newsheadline
17121	Beating poverty in a small way	joy	newsheadline
17122	Israel insists on Lebanon overflights	noemotion	newsheadline
17123	Britain to restrict immigrants from new EU members	noemotion	newsheadline
17124	Confusion Reigns In the Expanding Digital World	disgust	newsheadline
17125	Game on! London exhibition celebrates the history of video games	joy	newsheadline
17126	Making peace from victory over poverty	joy	newsheadline
17127	Marine killed in fighting west of Baghdad	noemotion	newsheadline
17128	Scientists create first cloaking device	noemotion	newsheadline
17129	Amateur rocket scientists reach for space	noemotion	newsheadline
17130	Confusion Reigns In the Expanding Digital World	noemotion	newsheadline
17131	Deaths linked to flu vaccine	noemotion	newsheadline
17132	Israel admits using phosphorous shells in Lebanon	disgust	newsheadline
17133	4th person dies after receiving flu shot	fear	newsheadline
17134	Police and shoppers targeted in growing Iraq violence	noemotion	newsheadline
17135	Scientists discover miracle in the depths	surprise	newsheadline
17136	Doctors Seeing Patients Who Think They're Internet Addicted	noemotion	newsheadline
17137	China launches two satellites into orbit	noemotion	newsheadline
17138	Vegetables May Boost Brain Power in Older Adults	noemotion	newsheadline
17139	Hurricane Paul nears Category 3 status	fear	newsheadline
17140	Russian ship sinks, 18-member crew missing	sadness	newsheadline
17141	Iran's president urges higher birth rate	noemotion	newsheadline
17142	Apple set for massive market gains	noemotion	newsheadline
17143	Tumor Types May Explain Survival Rates for Cancer	noemotion	newsheadline
17144	Routine mission turns into hunt for missing comrade	noemotion	newsheadline
17145	Bad weather slows S.Korean search for Russian ship	noemotion	newsheadline
17146	Tailors and housewives busy as Muslims celebrate Eid	joy	newsheadline
17147	Active peace brings the promise of development	joy	newsheadline
17148	Abbas condemns Israeli massacre in northern Gaza Strip	anger	newsheadline
17149	Bangladesh ferry sinks, 15 dead	noemotion	newsheadline
17150	Bucs find a new kick in life	noemotion	newsheadline
17151	Google to unveil election mashup	noemotion	newsheadline
17152	Police warn of child exploitation online	noemotion	newsheadline
17153	Breast Cancer Awareness is Important	noemotion	newsheadline
17154	Hungary police tackle violent protestors	noemotion	newsheadline
17155	Three drivers had reason to be proud in Brazil	joy	newsheadline
17156	Celebrities Protest Malibu Gas Facility	noemotion	newsheadline
17157	Lebo: A life lived on the edge	noemotion	newsheadline
17158	Presto! He's Batman, then magic man	joy	newsheadline
17159	Heavy use of mobile phones can make men infertile, scientists say	noemotion	newsheadline
17160	Russian ship sinks in Pacific	sadness	newsheadline
17161	China Successfully Launches Two Satellites	noemotion	newsheadline
17162	Prestige has magic touch	joy	newsheadline
17163	Lies, damned lies, and divorce	anger	newsheadline
17164	Manning inspires Giants to victory in Dallas	noemotion	newsheadline
17165	Riot warning for France suburbs	fear	newsheadline
17166	Full recovery expected for marathon winner	anticipation	newsheadline
17167	Sony apologises for global battery recall	noemotion	newsheadline
17168	Questions on credit card safety	noemotion	newsheadline
17169	Budapest calm after night of violent protests	noemotion	newsheadline
17170	Vegetables May Boost Brain Power in Older Adults	noemotion	newsheadline
17171	Report criticises US press freedoms	noemotion	newsheadline
17172	French suburb riots could resume	fear	newsheadline
17173	Photographer kidnapping condemned	noemotion	newsheadline
17174	Photographer kidnapped in Gaza	noemotion	newsheadline
17175	Baseball: Rogers enjoys his muddied streak	joy	newsheadline
17176	Cultural revolutionary, the iPod is five	joy	newsheadline
17177	Life on Mars? Maybe We Missed It	noemotion	newsheadline
17178	Three found alive from missing Russian ship -report	joy	newsheadline
17179	Moderate drinking reduces men's heart attack risk	noemotion	newsheadline
17180	The sweet tune of an anniversary	joy	newsheadline
17181	Inconvenient truths	noemotion	newsheadline
17182	Dating difficult for Harry Potter	noemotion	newsheadline
17183	Students lose their rite of passage	noemotion	newsheadline
17184	Putin vows to tackle illegal immigration	anticipation	newsheadline
17185	Ottawa must redefine 'terror'	fear	newsheadline
17186	Britain to Limit Workers from Romania, Bulgaria	noemotion	newsheadline
17187	Top General Optimistic on Iraq	anticipation	newsheadline
17188	Kim Osorio Wins Sexual Harrassment Suit Against The Source	noemotion	newsheadline
17189	Silly and substantial	disgust	newsheadline
17190	Official laughs for Borat	joy	newsheadline
17191	Speaker Hastert testifies before panel probing sex scandal	noemotion	newsheadline
17192	On Educating Sexes Separately	noemotion	newsheadline
17193	Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes set wedding date	noemotion	newsheadline
17194	Martian Life Could Have Evaded Detection by Viking Landers	noemotion	newsheadline
17195	Ukraine gas deal marred by fears	fear	newsheadline
17196	Marathon victory comes at heavy cost	sadness	newsheadline
17197	College tuition continues climbing	noemotion	newsheadline
17198	German paper shows soldiers desecrating skull	disgust	newsheadline
17199	War is close, Ethiopia tells Somali rebels	fear	newsheadline
17200	Advantage Cardinals with Suppan in Game 4	noemotion	newsheadline
17201	NASA spacecraft to measure Sun	noemotion	newsheadline
17202	Sony Hates Europeans, Will Prevent The Importing of PS3	anger	newsheadline
17203	Flu Vaccine Appears Safe for Young Children	noemotion	newsheadline
17204	Google To Launch Yet Another Search Tool	noemotion	newsheadline
17205	Tropical Storm Paul's Outer Bands Hit Mexico's Baja California	noemotion	newsheadline
17206	Israeli Bomblets Plague Lebanon	sadness	newsheadline
17207	New Indonesia Calamity, a Mud Bath, Is Man-Made	noemotion	newsheadline
17208	U.S. Weighs Sanctions Against North Korea	noemotion	newsheadline
17209	Rice, in Baghdad, Insists That Iraqis Are 	noemotion	newsheadline
17210	Senator Says U.S. Should Rethink Iraq Strategy	noemotion	newsheadline
17211	German Chief Forges Accord on Financing Health Care	noemotion	newsheadline
17212	Turkish Writers Say Efforts to Stifle Speech May Backfire	noemotion	newsheadline
17213	Kurdish Lawmaker Killed in an Attack in Baghdad	noemotion	newsheadline
17214	Anti-U.S. Attack Videos Spread on the Internet	noemotion	newsheadline
17215	Women Face Greatest Threat of Violence at Home, Study Finds	fear	newsheadline
17216	Appeal by Chinese Researcher for Times May Soon Be Heard	noemotion	newsheadline
17217	Brazil Air Force Cites Faults and Confusion in Fatal Crash	noemotion	newsheadline
17218	A Mix of Oil and Environmentalism	noemotion	newsheadline
17219	Immigrants and French Reach Deal in Standoff	noemotion	newsheadline
17220	Genghis Khan Beer? Mongolia Grimaces	disgust	newsheadline
17221	Dead Bachelors in Remote China Still Find Wives	noemotion	newsheadline
17222	Managua Journal: Hold the Mojito and Margarita, Nicaragua Has el Macu	noemotion	newsheadline
17223	Paris Journal: Smoking No Longer Tres Chic in France	noemotion	newsheadline
17224	An Old Letter Casts Doubts on Iran's Goal for Uranium	noemotion	newsheadline
17225	U.S. Warns North Koreans About Nuclear Test	noemotion	newsheadline
17226	Global Sludge Ends in Tragedy for Ivory Coast	sadness	newsheadline
17227	Equipment on Plane in Brazil Collision May Have Been Faulty	noemotion	newsheadline
17228	New Indonesia Calamity, a Mud Bath, Is Man-Made	noemotion	newsheadline
17229	Iraqi Journalists Add Laws to List of Dangers	noemotion	newsheadline
17230	U.N. Force Is Treading Lightly on Lebanese Soil	anticipation	newsheadline
17231	Cleric Said to Lose Reins Over Part of Iraqi Militia	noemotion	newsheadline
17232	Citing Spy Agencies' Study, Democrats Seek Iraq Changes	noemotion	newsheadline
17233	Opera Canceled Over a Depiction of Muhammad	disgust	newsheadline
17234	Military Officials Add to U.S. Criticism of Iraq's Government	noemotion	newsheadline
17235	Teacher in Hiding After Attack on Islam Stirs Threats	fear	newsheadline
17236	Combative Bush Releases Parts of Terror Study	noemotion	newsheadline
17237	Growing Unarmed Battalion in Qaeda Army Is Using Internet to Get the Message Out	noemotion	newsheadline
17238	Iraqi Linked to Sunni Bloc Is Held in Plot, Military Says	noemotion	newsheadline
17239	Seduced by Snacks? No, Not You	surprise	newsheadline
17240	Friends for Life: An Emerging Biology of Emotional Healing	joy	newsheadline
17241	Alzheimer's Drugs Offer No Help, Study Finds	noemotion	newsheadline
17242	Across Europe, Worries on Islam Spread to Center	noemotion	newsheadline
17243	Cooking Defines Sephardic Jews at Sukkot	noemotion	newsheadline
17244	Fitness: Bodies in Motion, Clean and Sober	noemotion	newsheadline
17245	In God's Name: Religion-Based Tax Breaks: Housing to Paychecks to Books	noemotion	newsheadline
17246	Yankee Dies in Plane Crash, Official Says	sadness	newsheadline
17247	An Elephant Crackup?	noemotion	newsheadline
17248	With YouTube, Grad Student Hits Jackpot Again	joy	newsheadline
17249	Dow flirts with record highs again	joy	newsheadline
17250	Tropical Storm Isaac forms in Atlantic	fear	newsheadline
17251	New Iraq terror tape calls for abducting foreigners	noemotion	newsheadline
17252	'Deep regret' for ex-HP exec	sadness	newsheadline
17253	'Opportunity' knocks on geologist's dream crater	noemotion	newsheadline
17254	Squirrel jumps boy in park; rabies suspected	fear	newsheadline
17255	Girl left comatose after dental visit dies	sadness	newsheadline
17256	Porn star candidate campaigns on campus	noemotion	newsheadline
17257	School ends football season after 0-4 start	noemotion	newsheadline
17258	Charlie Sheen to become highest-paid sitcom star	noemotion	newsheadline
17259	Jon Stewart mocks benefits of CNN's I	disgust	newsheadline
17260	Ashton Kutcher tells secret to Ryan Seacrest	anticipation	newsheadline
17261	Nails-on-chalkboard study earns Ig	noemotion	newsheadline
17262	Gunman 'fine' before shooting	noemotion	newsheadline
17263	Marijuana may stave off Alzheimer's	noemotion	newsheadline
17264	Kentucky seeks alcohol huffing ban	noemotion	newsheadline
17265	Toddler died from tainted spinach	sadness	newsheadline
17266	Judge dismisses Karr's porn case	noemotion	newsheadline
17267	10 die in 22-hour Kashmir standoff	sadness	newsheadline
17268	Slain Amish girls laid to rest	sadness	newsheadline
17269	5,000 flee plant fire	fear	newsheadline
17270	Cher auction fetches double pre-sale estimates	noemotion	newsheadline
17271	Stars scuffle on 'Grey's Anatomy'	noemotion	newsheadline
17272	Probe under way in Yankee crash	noemotion	newsheadline
17273	Amish schoolhouse torn down	noemotion	newsheadline
17274	Warner will not run in '08	sadness	newsheadline
17275	Reid land deal under scrutiny	noemotion	newsheadline
17276	Flooding washes out road to Valdez, Alaska	noemotion	newsheadline
17277	Briton admits U.S. bomb plot role	noemotion	newsheadline
17278	Commentary: Minutemen have a right to be idiotic	trust	newsheadline
17279	Madonna files adoption papers	noemotion	newsheadline
17280	Gunmen kill 9 at Iraqi TV station	sadness	newsheadline
17281	Hastert sorry for scandal but not quitting	noemotion	newsheadline
17282	Ex-JonBenet suspect: Child porn case dropped 	sadness	newsheadline
17283	Waste plant fire forces 5,000 to evacuate 	noemotion	newsheadline
17284	Toddler died from E. coli tainted spinach 	sadness	newsheadline
17285	Disturbing finds in child sex raids 	disgust	newsheadline
17286	Magazine lists women who had abortions 	noemotion	newsheadline
17287	Pot smokers may avoid Alzheimer's, study says 	noemotion	newsheadline
17288	Student starts white men's club on campus 	disgust	newsheadline
17289	Kentucky wants to ban alcohol inhalers 	noemotion	newsheadline
17290	Peter Pan flies into chapter two 	noemotion	newsheadline
17291	Teen repellent inventor wins infamous prize 	joy	newsheadline
17292	Cher's dress, car, bed have new owners	noemotion	newsheadline
17293	Dow hits new record, eyes 12,000 	noemotion	newsheadline
17294	Ex-Virginia gov not running for president 	noemotion	newsheadline
17295	Yankee pitcher's pilot log found 	noemotion	newsheadline
17296	Dem leader's $1 million land deal under scrutiny 	noemotion	newsheadline
17297	Dad locked up son, watched on TV, police say 	noemotion	newsheadline
17298	Navarrette: Minutemen have a right to be idiotic 	noemotion	newsheadline
17299	Pit bulls jump miniature pony, leave her bloody 	surprise	newsheadline
17300	Alaska town cut off from rest of state by flood 	noemotion	newsheadline
17301	Trailblazing trio protects City by the Bay 	trust	newsheadline
17302	Madonna files adoption papers in Malawi	noemotion	newsheadline
17303	'Dr. McDreamy' choked in 'Grey's' scuffle 	noemotion	newsheadline
17304	$10,000 poetry prize awarded 	joy	newsheadline
17305	Las Vegas honour for tiger pair 	joy	newsheadline
17306	UK characters boosting box office 	noemotion	newsheadline
17307	Cher items snapped up at auction 	noemotion	newsheadline
17308	Griffiths scorns Withnail 'play' 	disgust	newsheadline
17309	Lily Allen wins web music award 	noemotion	newsheadline
17310	Costner appeals in casino wrangle	noemotion	newsheadline
17311	Beyonce copyright claim rejected 	noemotion	newsheadline
17312	Cohn gunman jailed for 36 years 	noemotion	newsheadline
17313	Melua's deep sea gig sets record 	noemotion	newsheadline
17314	Sri Lanka clashes kill 129 troops 	sadness	newsheadline
17315	Gunmen kill 11 in Iraq TV raid 	sadness	newsheadline
17316	Italy drops Sicily bridge plans 	noemotion	newsheadline
17317	Amish killings school demolished 	sadness	newsheadline
17318	Pamuk wins Nobel Literature prize	joy	newsheadline
17319	Madonna adoption bid approved 	noemotion	newsheadline
17320	Man admits UK-US terror bomb plot	noemotion	newsheadline
17321	Who are you calling fat?	anger	newsheadline
